Anyway, I'll figure it out later. Interview time! You got the questions that I sent over last week? I do, yep. I'll read them out to you, no need to get them up. If you had notes or anything, you can pull them up if you want, but just casual, whatever comes to your mind. So first question was, let's start with just a bit about yourself – oh, I should probably start with a bit about myself quickly before we start. So I started at UTS about a month ago, I'm a comms assistant, so I'm just running their blog and social media stuff, and yeah, just writing all of the blog things and everything and getting into the swing of things. So you're actually my first interview for the blog, so no pressure, no pressure. Not at all. But yeah, it's very chill, just say what you feel and if there's anything that you want to bring back or anything or highlight, feel free to. Once you draft it, there'll be opportunity to refine and adjust and shit anyway, so I'll – Once I've drafted it, I'll send it to you first and then we can go through a period of editing, adjusting as needed if there's anything that you want to change or anything, so yeah. So first question is, just tell me a bit about yourself, what did you study and what are you doing now? Perfect, so I studied a Bachelor of Business at UTS, I started that back in 2009 and finally graduated in 2017, but since 2011-ish, after I spent a year in the Air Force as a gap year in 2010, so 2011 was my second year. From then onwards, I was working in a variety of different jobs, including as a UTS Marketing Communications student ambassador, going out to all the schools, doing that for the business school as well. I worked in UTS careers for a little bit, ran a company called Three Minute Angels as the head of operations for two years as well, came back to UTS and probably for the last five to seven years, the main thing that I've been doing is running entrepreneurial programs, workshops, high school programs, workshops, classrooms, helping high school students and university students develop and discover entrepreneurship skills. More recently, I've also been being a paid public speaking coach and right now, if I were to say my day job, it would be working for UTS Startups, working on developing and rolling out the high school program, reaching 10,000 high school students across 50 schools. With a view to inspiring year nine and 10 students to discover and take on discovering entrepreneurship. I also do public speaking coaching for all of the UTS Startups as well. That's very cool. Very cool. Which kind of leads into the next question of when you were studying, did you expect to find yourself doing what you're doing now? My period of study went for a very long time, just because I kept on picking up different things and doing part-time study as I was working. Yes and no, definitely not when I started. Definitely not when I started. When I started, I definitely had no idea, I was kind of just going through the motions. I was doing a business degree, majoring in HR, so I was just kind of going through the motions. I would get involved in various things, so I got involved in the clubs and societies pretty early on. I found a couple of opportunities to be a student representative as well, which really opened things up. I guess I was just really good at just putting my hand up for things and going, hey, let's check this out. Probably around third year, fourth year, there I am, I'm running the orientation programs at UTS for everyone. It's about career development, start your career now, start getting involved, start taking action. Just like pretty much promoting to first year students to do a lot of the things that I'd been doing throughout my university career. Around about that time, and this was connected to my student society involvement as well, probably one of my clearest first big goals was, hey, in five years' time, I want to be running my own organization that's doing training for a whole bunch of people. It wasn't quite clear what, but high school students, university students around leadership development, entrepreneurship. I don't know if entrepreneurship is even a topic there, but definitely leadership and communication skills. From that point, I remember that was around 2014. From there, I guess what I'm doing now is an extension of that. Definitely not in the first one or two years, but at some point I was like, oh yeah, that's something which I'd really love to do. I wrote that down on a piece of paper somewhere, what do you want to be doing in five years' time? When I look back a couple of years later, I'm like, oh, I'm doing that now. Okay. I'm kind of doing that now, so fancy that. It's very cool that you didn't even realize that you had gotten to the point where your goals were fulfilled and you'd made these goals and you actually went through with them and it's very cool, very cool, but on that, it was almost like the seeds were there before you figured it out fully, like you were doing it already, but then you almost figured it out in your third or fourth year, what that meant for you. I don't know if I ever figured it out then. I think the figuring it out was only after I'd done it and I was like, oh, I've actually done this because I don't think at any point in time early on, did it feel like it was figured out? I don't think at any point did it feel like I had all the answers and I definitely didn't. I was just kind of doing what I was doing and I think looking back and reflecting, yeah, a lot of the things were on a theme. A lot of the theme was student leadership, volunteering, getting involved, creating essentially student societies, different things, connecting with people, networking and some of those topics were innovation, entrepreneurship and communication skills. It was only afterwards I was like, hold on, everything that I'm doing is connected to empowering people to be really powerful communicators, whether in a leadership setting, whether in an entrepreneurial setting, whether in a team or teamwork setting or on stage as a public speaker or speaking in public. I was like, oh, that's interesting. Communication is the theme here. That's really interesting. But early on, no, no, I don't think I'd figured it out. Though I think looking back, what made the biggest difference was actually just getting into action and doing things, because as I was doing things, like getting involved, so to speak, that's where different things would open up and I'd discover, oh, this is pretty cool. And that's, I think, in that taking action as well, the discovery was happening. Let me just write that down. Yeah, that's very cool. I love that, because this won't be part of the story, but I've found the exact same thing with my kind of journey is that when I actually get involved with things and actually take action to do things, that ends up always leading to something, or maybe not always, but whatever the opportunities come up, they're from those steps to take action and that kind of thing. I got this role from becoming a part of Vertigo, and then the person that was in this role beforehand was part of that as well, and that was how I kind of made the connection. So yeah, that's definitely, I think a lot of people don't realize the power of just actually doing stuff. Well, I think that's it, right? Because I think we're almost trained. I say almost trained, not like we're explicitly told, but like the system and the structures exist in a way that pull us towards feeling, I need to understand this before I do this. What if something goes wrong? What if it doesn't work out? What if this isn't for me? And it pulls us to want that certainty or want that having figured it out. What you said, and it's right aligned with what I was just saying is, yeah, do stuff. Anything. Anything at all, and you'll discover stuff. Even if what you discover is that, hey, I don't like this, actually, I'm not going to do this anymore. Yeah. Definitely. Because now you know. You haven't figured it out. I think people try and understand stuff, but even if you understand stuff that doesn't actually give you any access to what's now available, doing stuff, 100% always gives you access. Yeah. And doing stuff helps you to understand it better as well. That's right. Yeah. And there's kind of things that you can't, there's knowledge that you can't get just from reading a book or doing your readings. You just have to actually get out there and do things. Yeah. Totally. Awesome. I love that. The next question is, how have you embraced change in your career? I think one of the things that's really helped me to embrace change through my career is that from that point early on where I decided, yeah, I want to be running my own thing, educational organization running programs around communication skills, leadership, teamwork, entrepreneurship. I was always looking at will this next opportunity help me with that? Will it build that up? Will it make that happen? Will it give me some skills? And I think with that in mind, there were a range of different opportunities which came up. One afternoon, I'm just walking around campus and I see the person who's now the manager of the UTS Careers and she asked me, hey, Aaron, what are you up to? And for the next couple of months, I'm like, oh, things here and there. And then she's like, well, would you like to do this job? And she asked me, essentially it was to event manage the UTS Careers Fair, 2014 UTS Careers Fair. And I came in the next week and we sat down and she was like, hey, this is it. Do you think that would work? And right there, because it was something that I saw was aligned, I was like, yeah. And then she actually printed out the contract and I signed it right there and then half an hour later. And then later on, when I finished up at UTS Careers, I did that because I got offered a job to be head of operations for another company that I've been working on. I was like, look, this is a bit of a sideways step, but the operations, that skill set, like recruiting people, training people, managing the teams, that's going to be incredibly powerful. And it is all like operations, leadership, getting things done. That's awesome too. So I was like, awesome, I'll do that. So things have popped up and I guess I've always been very comfortable to, I guess quickly make those decisions because I know that it'll work. And I don't know if I've actually known or calculated if it'll work, but I'm like, it's more like, oh, that'll work. And then I'm like, okay, I'll do it. And then it works. So now I've done that enough that I'm like, yeah, it'll a hundred percent work. Like how? I don't know. I don't know how. What about the calculations? I don't know that either. Will it work though? Yes. Has it worked every other time? Actually, yeah. So. Has there ever been a tangential question? Has there ever been an opportunity that you've kind of said no to or decided wasn't right? Yeah, there's, while I think about the answer to that question, I think there've been ones which I've said yes to, which probably haven't been the best or ones that I've stayed in for longer than I should have. So that like a head of operations role, I probably should have left that a year earlier than I did just because I just kind of got, I got comfortable, not comfortable. I got stuck in the, oh, I've just got to do this. And it was, it just wasn't working or it stopped contributing to a bunch of things. And I wasn't able to build those other things as much as I wanted to. There's been other jobs where I get popped up at the perfect time. Like I wasn't doing any, anything like I was doing some ad hoc stuff and someone's like, Hey, can you do this? And in hindsight, the, what it was paying and the type of work was completely unrelated, completely unrelated. And I wonder, and this is just a, like a purely academic sort of wonderings, like I wonder if I had spent some of that time and effort actually putting into building my own programs, my own workshops like I do now, how much faster that would have happened if I didn't kind of accidentally just kind of delay and stall for a bit in a kind of comfortable sort of thing. Cause, cause right now, for example, when I run workshops externally there'll be for anywhere from 500 bucks a workshop to 2000 bucks a workshop. And that's just kind of been building up over time over the last five years. So it's not been like an immediate sort of thing, but if I had been able to start doing some of those bigger ones, like the thousand buck ones, 2000 buck ones more frequently early on, that would have been really cool. Cause then that would have given me the space and freedom to actually spend more time doing what I did want to do. Yeah, definitely. Thanks for that. I don't think that kind of answers what I was kind of asking with that question as well. What was like, but yeah, kind of, yeah, that idea of not everything is 100% perfect, but that you still kind of grow through the changes as well. So in the next question is how have you balanced flexibility with your personal and professional goals in your career? I think my personal, yeah, there's always this split between, in questions like this around personal goals and professional goals as if they're separate. I think for me for a very long time, they've been more or less the same, more or less the same or I mean, if I, if I sit and think about it, maybe that's because they're just kind of more towards the professional side. But I think everything that I, everything that I've been doing recently, I say recently, I mean the last couple of years has either been directly involved in what I, like what my goals are professionally, which is like, Hey, how do I make the difference to as many people as possible in terms of their communication skills and ability to relate with each other and make a difference, make the difference that they want to make in the world. Or it's created the space for me to do that. For example, now I'm at UTS startups and I'm building this, doing this program. That's like, that is doing both actually, because it's a letting me have that direct impact through the UTS startups at schools program. So I get to directly impact those students. I get to essentially, I get paid to also train and be the public speaking coach for 420 startups. But the way that it's structured working at UTS startups is I've got that flexibility to take the time to run those other workshops that I still get booked in for. And the different things that are going on there. And that's, that's pretty, pretty cool because I don't have to give up either. Definitely. So final question. If you could tell your university self advice for your career or where you are from, from where you are now to say your first yourself, what would you say? I would say everything's going to be okay. Don't worry about figuring out what the right thing to do is. Just get started doing stuff. Yeah. That's a great takeaway. I love that. Yeah. Now, I've got one final question that I didn't send you. It's just an ad hoc, off the cuff question, completely unrelated, but you've been at UTS for a little while now. You're familiar with the campus. If you could pick one building to represent you, which building would you be? Oh, it's got to be the, it's got to be building three right at the corner of the UTS startup central space. And why that is, is because it's like, it's, it's high profile. It's right out there. Kind of look shiny, but inside it's all kind of pulled, held together by duct tape and magic happens. But there's still a lot of space to grow it still. Yeah, I love that. That's very cool. Yeah. No, that's actually, I'm like, I was like trying to see if there was anything else that would describe it quite like that, but no, nothing does. No, it works. It works. Awesome. Well, I'll stop the recording.
