Cool. Okay. Awesome. Yeah, so how's your morning been? Yeah, morning's been good. So I'm working some Perth hours at the moment, so I've had a late finish last night, ran a 6 p.m. to 9 p.m. workshop last night, except it was in Perth time. Was that online? That was online. That was online, yeah. So it went well, but I ended up waking up, I ended up literally sleeping past my normal alarm, which is like 9 a.m., so I was like, I'm like, ah, let me check my, oh, hello. So I was like, which is embarrassingly why I was late, but don't share the video for this anyway, but that's okay. So yeah, so that was my morning. How about yours? Mine was all right. I woke up a little later than usual as well, but took a shower, and yeah, it's fun. I was listening to a podcast. Oh, which one? Yeah. Okay. There's this amazing lady, her name is Odette Excel, and just her voice, like the lightness in her voice, because she's a social entrepreneur, and so she has this, like the structure where she is, like has a team of investment bankers, but then all of the profit goes towards, you know, setting up like schools for rural disadvantaged kids in really impoverished countries, and she's actually been very successful with it, so it's like amazing. Great. Yeah, so I'll tell you about Sandbox. So we have our four-week contest, and the first event was actually very fun. I was there myself, and you know, we had the bonding activities after the education team gave out the, you know, the project brief, and then we had a dinner after, and so many of the kids actually showed up to the dinner, so that was awesome, and then they were like filming TikToks, like the engagement is really good, like the vibe is really good. So now next week, we're going to get a workshop on sustainability, and then hopefully we can get you, if you're willing, for the week after, for a workshop of whatever you want to talk about, maybe like pitching, presenting, since that's kind of what you're really good at, right? Totally, yeah. What are your thoughts? Yeah. Tell me about this competition. When does it finish, like when are they, and what are they exactly doing? Like I saw what you wrote down, they're working with HP on a sustainability challenge. Yep, yep. So the challenge is broken down into two parts. So the first part right now is the empathizing stage, so kind of put yourself into HP's shoes and to figure out, you know, like because they have their sustainability goals, you have to pick one of those goals, and then after the empathizing stage, you have to start creating a pitch, start creating a roadmap and a strategy for that chosen sustainability goal. All right. Yes. Okay, cool. And they'll be pitching online or in person? They will be pitching online. Okay, great. Okay, great. Cool. And when is the final pitch due? So right now it's week three of uni. Week three is just starting. It'll be a week after. Can I just message you the date after? Yeah, sure. So it should be in around two weeks, I think. Oh, sorry. I don't know. It's the top of my head. I'll search it up. Yeah, I'll give you a date right after this. Yeah, cool, cool. And if you've got any sort of document that's a brief of what the students get, let me know what that is as well. Yeah. But yeah, I've checked my calendar. 17th is free. 17th is available from six onwards. And do you need any help with developing the workshop with our education team because they have content as well? I don't need content, but I would love to speak with them. And what I really want to ask is, and you could be there as well, right? Are you the president, by the way, just so I can get a sense of it? Oh, no, I'm a sponsorships director. Got it. Cool. So I'll keep you in touch with the education. Yeah, yeah, sure. And let me ask you, how much design thinking, entrepreneurship, case comp work have you done before? For me, this is completely new to me. I'm actually a civil engineer. Cool. So now the reason that I'm part of this is to actually learn for myself. Like the precise skills and networking skills, all of that. Yeah. Great. Well, I'll explain it this way then. Similar to what you're going to be developing, one of the number one things with anything entrepreneurship related or even communication related is you want the students and you want the participants to be able to get into the world of, who am I speaking to? So when they're getting ready to pitch, they want to find out what's important to the audience. What's important to the sponsor? What's important for the customers? So that they're pitching to, let's say they're pitching to HP. So they're pitching to HP and they're pitching about this sustainability solution, which is making a difference to these people. Now, if they miss or don't communicate that they're really clear on what's important to that group of people, then the pitch is going to be like, okay, well, that's just a nice bunch of information. Yes. But if they really connect with what's important to everybody, that's what is really powerful. It's also incidentally why I want to chat to the education team so that I can find out, hey, what are the things which the participants have said or the participants have said or participants really want to find out about pitching, about public speaking? What are they worried about, concerned about? What are they nervous about? So that I can bring those things that I already know what's important for them. Okay. That sounds awesome. There's no need for other content. I'm happy to see it, but it's unlikely that I'll go with it. Okay. Because you already have your thing that's set up. That's right. You know what to do. That's right. I'll get you in touch with the education team as soon as possible. And what's the best way to talk to you? LinkedIn chat. LinkedIn chat. And then, yeah, setting up a meeting. Yeah. Yeah. Okay. That sounds good. So I'll just add you on LinkedIn. You're a published poet. That's a bit random. Very cool. Thank you. Yeah, I like to write poetry. That's cool, man. And how did you connect with me in the first place? Was it through the UNSW Hero program? I don't think so. I think I was following a bunch of public speakers for a while. Oh, yeah? And I think that's how I found you. Oh, cool. Just through Instagram. That's awesome. Just through Instagram. Yeah. That's interesting. Which other public speakers do you follow? I'm, as good as I am on public speaking, like the Instagram side of things, I've not spent any amount of sufficient time actually exploring it, if that makes sense. I forgot his name, to be honest with you. That's cool. Yeah, I can't remember. This was ages ago. No. I'm not sure, but it was like TEDx related. Oh, yeah, okay. Okay, yeah, maybe. I've coached a couple of TEDx speakers. What's that like? Maybe. Yeah, it's fun. The TEDx youth especially, right, it's a mixed bag. So if you go onto, you know the difference between TED and TEDx? TEDx is more for younger people, isn't it? No. TEDx is an independently organized event that's based on the TED conference. There's one TED conference every year. Yeah. And it's typically only, I think, between 2,000 to 6,000 spots, which sounds like a lot, but it's not much given the extremely high demand. And those speakers are what you would call their world-class speakers, their world-class thinkers, and their world-class movers, shakers, all that sort of stuff. So the TED conference is almost always, even if the speaker is terrible, I mean, sometimes they aren't the best as a speaker, but they're generally very good. But even if they aren't the best as a speaker, they're typically brilliant as a thinker and a communicator regardless of that. Yep. Now TEDx depends on, the quality depends on who books in the speaker. So yeah, it's a good, like I've done it three times now? Yeah, three times, twice? I've done it a couple of times. So some of the speakers are incredibly fresh. TEDx is youth, so some of them are quite young. One of the guys last year was the Young Australian of the Year for New South Wales, and he was phenomenal. And I was looking at his bio, and I was like, man, what could I even contribute? He's already doing it. And then we actually went into it, and I was like, oh, wow. Okay, yep, here, here, here, here. It's a mix, yep. But it's a lot of fun, right? Because I really get to work with people who have a platform and they're out to make a difference with sharing their experience. So that's just a really great demographic of people. How long are the speeches for? Is there a time limit? The TED time limit, I think it shifts. I think it's like max 15, I think it's 17 minutes, but these guys speak anywhere from 7 to 14, 15 minutes-ish. I don't think many of them are longer than that. Makes sense. That's really cool. So is that your focus? Is that what you aim to stick with, like public speaking? It's probably my biggest focus. There's a bunch of things. I'm frequently doing team leadership workshops, group team dynamics workshops, public speaking workshops, of course, cultural awareness workshops. I've done a lot of stuff in the past with club executive teams, specifically around, okay, how do you work as a team? How do you start to plan out some of the things that are going to make a difference not just over the next six months, but over the next 12 to 18 to 24 months? How do we create a culture where, as a team, we've got the biggest opportunity for performance, where everyone's like, okay, well, I'm making this happen, and now I'm making this happen. Let's make it all, and let's communicate. Because in some clubs and societies, you don't get that. Because especially with volunteering stuff like this, it all matters on how the friendships and the connections actually get there, which is the value out of it, because you actually feel good. Because everyone at uni is already smart. You're working with these smart people that you're actually friends with and you actually like. Yeah, that's what gets you going. Yeah. Yeah, and you're putting in challenging work and effort towards something which is making a difference and something which you care about. In your case, for example, one part of that, not the only part of that, one part of that is like, oh, yeah, I want to learn about public speaking. I want to learn about all of this sort of stuff because I'm an engineer. But there's also the, hey, I get to make this available for people all around who maybe don't have the full picture of what I've got. Maybe they've got different things. Maybe they've got more of those in other areas, but I get to make this available to them in a way that they wouldn't have had available. Yeah, exactly. So when they come together for a dinner, you're like, wow, I organized dinner. But everyone's coming and they're connecting and you're creating that space for something to open up for them. So like there were first years coming in. There were also students coming in from construction management. So like there were almost civil engineers like myself. There was one student that was an architecture student. And so he was coming in because like with architecture, if you can't present your idea, like if you can't present your design and make it very digestible and like, you know, then your idea is worthless. Like it's the same as entrepreneurship and yeah. Well, everything's that, isn't it? Yeah, it is. Yeah, if you can't communicate your idea, then it doesn't have much initial value. Yes. Yeah. This is such a good chart. Yeah, absolutely. I'll get you in touch with the education team. And I'll give you all the dates. And we're trying to make it work. Yeah. Yeah. And something to float with them. Like the time that you... It really just depends on how much time everyone's like you think they're willing to go. Like because if you wanted a... Can I go on? Can you go on for longer? So like I'll... Yeah, see. That's what I was going to say. With like the time. Look, especially for a pitching or how many people do you reckon would show up? Well, all the directors are going to show up. So a lot of people already. And then there's five teams. How many is that? How many is all the directors? So we've 20... So 20 students. And like 15 directors, I think. Oh, yeah. So about 30. 30 plus. Give or take. Yeah. All right. Okay, cool. Yeah, I'd say... Yeah, hour and 15 or hour and a half for the whole time. And if your education team is taking the first 15 minutes, then hour and 15. Like that would be... That would be great to start diving in with. Yeah. Yeah. I'll try to get them to get one hour 15, one hour 30, something like that. Yeah. And so with the workshop, like what did you have in mind? Was it going to be interactive? Hell yeah. Hell yeah. It's great. Hell yeah. Once I chat with the education team, I'll find out what's going to make the difference. Probably it's going to be the initial... Breaking people free of the barriers which limit and constrain their self-expression. You know, when people get up and feel stuck, when people get up and feel like, oh, I don't know what to say, or I'm going to talk a certain way and just speak really quickly like this because I think that if I don't stop speaking, people are going to lose attention and not focus on me. Yeah. And that happens. Yeah. So breaking through that sort of stuff, and then I can give them some ideas around structure and content and give them some... Maybe get together some initial... Put together some of my other video resources and things, a little resource pack for you guys. Yeah. All right. That sounds good. Is there anything else you need? When did the society start? This year or last year? End of 2019, I think. Year before. Okay, cool. So it's still pretty fresh. But I think just the amount of fun the kids are having is very good. Yeah. And here's the thing, right? Here's a thing, right? I've been doing like... I've probably mentored somewhere between 80 to 90 student society exec teams since 2013. Some of those are the same club multiple years. Some of them are different clubs, and I've run training for more than that because I would run training for all the clubs at UTS for a period of time. But I started... Before I created it and kicked it off in 2013, there didn't exist a thing called management training or leadership training or marketing training for the clubs. It was just like, okay, at UTS, that is. It was just, okay, here's how you fill out this sponsorship form, here's how you fill out this grant application form, here's how you book a room, and here's how you don't get pissed off when we don't respond to you within two weeks because that's likely going to happen. That was all of the training, but it wasn't any, hey, what do I do if people are arguing or how do I actually really get people engaged? How do I find out all that sort of stuff? How do I engage my members? If that sounds like something would be valuable to you and your team, that's something which I'd love to do and we could get together and actually sit down, brainstorm, have a look at some things, some areas to look at. Do it pretty informally, right? Have a session, then grab dinner afterwards, that sort of thing. But that's something which... Most clubs who take that on see an almost immediate shift in performance and communication between the team and also impact out in their members over the immediate next two, three months, especially early on. Early on in the year, people get to think about, or club society execs get to think about, okay, wow, what could we create? Towards the end of the year, it's like, fuck, we didn't do as much as we wanted to do or things are kind of... People are getting busy, all that sort of stuff. That's more so... You're getting this... Having this kind of conversation with the exec team early in the year, it really sets you up because you're not having to do it as a reaction just yet. Yeah. Okay, that sounds really good. In terms of... Yeah, I mean, I'll just keep in mind and then... Keep in mind. Where is it with the team? I definitely see it as the most important thing, to be honest. The amount of communication, to have that communication going from the beginning to set the tone for the rest of the year, that's the most important thing. Because otherwise, it's people just doing their own thing. Yeah. Yeah. Yeah. It's really good that we got in touch and I'll try to get you in touch with as many people. Yeah, perfect. Perfect. Thank you. Awesome. And if any other societies that you know, I love working with student societies. So feel free to connect me with anyone. All right, cheers.
