All right. Hello, everyone. This is my KDP mission three for the rapid self-employment. So this has been one of the, I guess, probably the biggest missions for me. I think this is in the culmination of a bunch of things which I've been wanting to do. And so one of the things I am is I'm a public speaking coach. I approach people on speaking, pitching, expressing themselves. And I went into this mission not necessarily wanting to go down that path. I looked, but I was like, I'm curious. I'm going to check out what is there in terms of logs, in terms of medium content books, low content books, logs for public speaking. So first of all, public speaking is one of the biggest topics out there. There's only one other journal or log out there. And I'm actually, I've got Amazon Prime. So I've got Kindle Unlimited. And that book was actually there. So I went in to have a look. And as I'm thinking through, this is something which has been created, I think, two, three years ago. There's text all over the page. There's not much space for people to actually put their content in, like in the example. So I was like, this is interesting. What I did take away from it was, you know, like there's this initial sort of explainer. There's this initial sort of content. I'm like, wow, okay. You know, this is pretty great. So this is how I went about kind of creating it. And I think for this one, I had the idea from when we first had the workshop. I'm like, you know, this is going to be something I'm keen to explore. It's something which I do a lot of. I can promote through the events that I run. There's a lot of different opportunities. In fact, tonight, I was at a UTS public speaking societies competition. And I actually remembered to mention to someone at the end, you know, like, hey, this is what I'm doing. I'm going to be, yeah, like the night's not over. I'm going to go home. I'm going to upload this to Amazon. And the person was like, oh, that's really cool. Can I buy the book? So we'll see if that happens right away. But I am keen to take you through the whole process. Now, initially, this started off as this grand idea of, you know, people struggle when they're preparing a presentation. They're faced with this blank page. What do I write? And I really wanted to kind of shake that up a bit as well and go, you know, sitting down at a desk, sitting down in front of a page, writing out start to finish a script, just like writing out a report start to finish, just like writing out any document start to finish isn't really efficient, but it's what most people do. So I had this grand idea of going, okay, what if I create something that's going to guide them through the whole process? They're going to have conversations with people. They're going to find out what other people get excited about, what they're clear about. The more conversations they have, it's going to get clearer for them. It's going to be great. And if this sounds muddled, yeah, it was. I'll take you through the process. You know, I started off here in my notion. I was like, I'm going to draft it. I was like, okay, you know, what's this concept? Okay. So a workbook to assist people in preparing the upcoming talks, pitches, presentations, whatever. Key theme, you know, build it through conversation. Like what if every conversation that you had was an opportunity to go out and develop your content, to develop what you want to say. And I started looking at content, chapters, like, and I kind of got stuck here and I realized, you know, this is really complex. This is really, it's a bit too much. I need to go out and send something. I can create something. So I started kind of like getting sidetracked. I started noticing, okay, you know what? I could turn this into a notion template. Okay. There's an upsell or additional offer or a bonus for the book, you know? And I think I also was like, okay, like what if I had shots about speaking up? What if I had the reflection template, a preparation template, how to speech templates for the upcoming YouTube mission? So I was like, I'm going to drop these down because if I don't drop them down, I'm not going to get them out of my head. And then I was like, how do we start super simple? What about a logbook that lets people reflect on every presentation that they have? So I started kind of just going and this, this, this, like when I finally sat down to going, okay, I'm going to spam this through. This is something that I'm an expert in at a certain level. I know this. What would we log down? So I was like, speech title, topic, background, attendees, so on, so forth. How do people receive it? What's the reception for the page? And then, and then a reflection section. And I, and I put all these, put all these in and, you know, diving in, that was kind of the first thing. And I'm like, okay, this is cool. This has got something here. I dove into, this isn't it. That's my cover. I'll come back to that later. I dove into Canva. I created a file. Let me see. Let me try and find it. For, for these things. And at first I started kind of looking at, okay, like 6.9, because I saw that was a common thing. Then as I got through, I'm like, I need a bit more space for this. Anyway, so I started filling it out. I think I stole a template from Tangent Templates. And I just literally uploaded the PDF to Canva and I changed almost everything. But I would just kind of use it as a starting point. So I was like, right, this is pretty good. Here are all of those exact same things. Here are the reflections. I've got the body of it. This is going to be the majority of it. Fantastic. Now this sounds super smooth as I describe it, but there was so much screwing around with like, what's the margin size? What's the page size? Getting that all like done and dusted. That was really a pain in the ass. I think it was that, that curve, which led that effort, that reverse of, of Pete, your, your curve of life. This was the, the reverse side for, you know, starting something. It was like, the effort was like way intense. The effort was like way intense at the start. All this like screwing around all this messing around and just kind of pushing through and then just kind of getting, getting through to it. So, you know, the actual content actually was pretty easy. It was stuff that I, I know I probably could have checked into chat GPT, but I was like, I'm just going to go with this. This is going to make sense. And then I, then I did that. I think I did that on the weekend and I took a bit of time and I'm like, right, okay, great. I need to start fleshing this out. I signed up, I created my Amazon account. So I got up to the point where I'm ready to upload. And I'm like, I need, I need something to explain it. This is when I jumped onto Amazon. I looked back at that book and I downloaded it. And I don't have time to, to, to look at, you know what I'm going to, I'm going to find that, that, that example. I'll just show you what it was like. Cause I was like, I can definitely do better than this. Okay. So, I mean, here it is, there was a title. I was like, I was conscious. Like, like, I don't want to copy anything here, but I just want to get a sense of it. Right. So there's a content pages, all of these kinds of things, how to use this journal. I'm like, okay, that's good. I was wanting to do something like that. And great. I read through this. This is pretty generic. It's pretty generic. I like, if you spend a bit of time each day, you can improve. I'm like, okay, that's great. But it's not really what I'm doing. So that's fine. There's the different sections. And as we went through these are, this is pretty much each day. And this is the two pages day one. And I think there's four pages for it. And there's some space here for some notes and some daily journal, but it's, it's kind of like, it's pretty generic. The voice exercises are the same, pretty much. There's slightly new different daily observations. I felt that there was just so much more opportunity here. So I was like, okay, that's pretty exciting. The next thing kind of really blew my mind. Like, this is where I jumped into chat GPT. And, you know, I was like, okay, I'm gonna, I'm gonna jump in. And I'm just gonna go write a brief and catchy blurb. Oh, no, that's not it. Let me reflective journal for speakers. Yeah, there we go. This is pretty much my entire development for the actual content. I was like, Hey, like, write me the introduction paragraphs to a book. But the following details of mine, it's a journal. They have two sections of one page each speaker log. And I just kind of copy pasted the content or the questions that were being asked. And I just at this point, this was really interesting. I just started typing. I just kind of was going for it. I was like, I've got some key themes in my head that I want to come out. Here are some things and like this is all just brain dump. It's very out of order. It's a bit of a pain. I'm sharing it because it's messy. And then chat GPT just kind of kicks in. I was like, okay, welcome to your reader to a journey of transformation and growth. I'm like, all right, this is this is interesting. Very cheesy. Welcome to your reader. Very cheesy. But um, it was exciting. It was exciting. And I'm like, okay, cool. Like develop it further, add some subheadings, use dot points, add some paragraphs that expand on paragraph four and five, which is these last ones. Because I wanted this to be a little bit substantial, a little bit substantial. I wanted to chat GPT mainly to give me some body that I could add some detail, provide some focus and really save a lot of time. And, and when I, when I ended up talking about the expansion, I just started typing as well, because I'm like, I'm in brain dumping mode. So this was a really cool hack for the brain of just getting myself into, I'm just going to brain dump. It doesn't really matter. Chat GPT is going to chunk this up and turn this into something pretty, pretty cool. I'm like, okay, great. Now there's headings. Now there's dot points. There's this whole section here, which is, which is great. Now you can see here on the, on the scroll bar, there's just a lot of things to do. And I started, you know, tweaking the content a bit, expanding it, like, you know, upload a copy of the proof so that everyone, if you want, you can, you can have a copy of the book and definitely purchase one if you think it's going to be helpful for you. And, and I just went through like, and added some of the details. And some of this is just copy paste from before, right? I was like, look, make edits to prove formatting readability. Tell me, are there any comments? Cause I want this to be firm, welcoming, and also a bit inspiring. And then chat GPT did it. I'm like, wow. Okay, cool. And I'm like, okay, great. This is going well. Can I provide some examples? At this point I played with like, you know, what's some anecdotes and it made one up for me. This wasn't real. And I also like, and I also put in some testimonials from some previous programs, one from Nishmi and one from Aria. Cause I'm like, you know, what's it going to do with these quotes? This Sarah quote, this is completely fake. Like chat GPT just made this up. It feels kind of nice, but it's also not very authentic. So I was like, scrap that. Let's go. And then I'm like, you know what? Here are some other things. I need a blurb on the back of the book cover. So I went through a couple of different versions of this one. And I was like, okay, that's interesting. At which point in time I was like, right, I need to reset. And actually I put the entire content, cause it started giving me back the Sarah stuff and the quotes. I didn't really want that in there. And I was like, right, here it is. This blew my mind. Pretty much every single bit of content and the different chunks, I was able to just kind of put in content that I already had put in ideas that were already in my head. And I, and I threw it in the next part of it was like probably the biggest pain in the ass. And I think this was the pain, probably a pain in the ass for everyone as well. I was jumping between tangent books and book bolt and trying to figure out how on earth am I going to do this? There's all these pages here. There's the ISBN page and I didn't have my ISBN yet. So I ended up just at one point, I ended up just like spitting the dummy and going, you know what, I'm just going to manually put it in. So each of these is an individual section. You know, it's nice. Cause you can do things like alignments, equal space. So it doesn't look completely terrible. But I just felt my perfectionism kind of kicking in. And you know, I went down this rabbit hole again. So this was all about like 2am at this stage. And then I uploaded the things and there we are. But like this part, I'm like, wow, this is cool. I've got the internal cover. Creating the cover was a mission. Creating a cover was a mission, but I think what really helped the most was just going back to the documents, going back to the YouTube videos. So thanks Pete for sending those through and just looking at what they did, just pausing for a moment, getting the template, putting that into Canva, giving myself the space to work on and go through. So I already know that this is going to be massively quicker as we go through. I think a big part of this is like, I'm pretty excited about it because this is something which I've wanted to do for a long time. I think there's a space for it, especially like given how much time I spend in front of other people. And I think with the different topics and ideas I've got for the YouTube, I'm starting to see a lot of connection between different themes and different content blocks and different ideas and different things that could be connected together as an upsell. Like I'm already keen for the next, for version two of this, where I start to put maybe an index in, I'll just kind of share with you the actual document. So here's the actual document. There's the header, some quotes, journal belongs to, here's all of the information. And this is 45 different reflections. So each of these double pages is a new presentation. So I'd love to put some indexes in, so people can actually see the different topics and actually record what was going on, find the page that they want to get to. And I'm keen to put through some bonuses. I think that there's some really simple, easy content that I can do to have this be engaging, some free videos, get people's email addresses. There's the blog component, maybe sign them up to a blog or a newsletter. So there's some really cool opportunities coming up. So I'm going to leave it at that, but this is published or this is now in Amazon ready to, under review. So we'll see, we'll see how it goes, but pretty exciting. And I'm keen to see everyone else's work as well. So I'll see you all really soon.
