Hello, Ausleap participants. I wanted to send you a short video and record this for you just to really support you with submitting your videos and what you can put in there and just to remind you that they are due by 5 p.m. this coming Sunday. So in your videos, what are we looking to see? We're really looking to give you the opportunity with this video to share what you've been learning, what you've been discovering, what's been happening through your experience, what's it been like for you? And in these videos, a place that we can start is with all of the questions that we asked on Weekend 2, some of the reflection questions that we asked during Weekend 3, this weekend which we just spent together, and really start by looking at, okay, what are the things which I came in here wanting to accomplish? So you could start by saying, hey, as part of the Ausleap program, I came in here wanting to discover this, I wanted to learn this, I wanted to be exposed to this. You can also share, hey, like what were you uncertain with or what were you not sure about? And that really sets the gap for where you were at the start and where you are now and coming into the completion of this program. And it really builds that authenticity and the openness as well. So when you share, hey, this is what I realized, I realized that it would be a bit challenging to organize things with my organization or to work and coordinate in teams. And then after that, you can share what did I learn and what did I discover and what have been some of those great moments? So you might share, hey, during the weekends or during the workshops, I really discovered, hold on, like there are so many opportunities out there that I can take on through, that I can discover through the world of volunteering. Or I really discovered, hey, I can actually go out and take some actions. I can record, I can record a video, I can go out and connect and network with people. For some of you, it's the people that you got to connect with, hey, you got to connect with people from 20 plus different countries across the program and actually get to spend time with them, getting to know them, make friends with them. Not only the people in your team, but also the people in the actual workshops who you got to meet and just interact with and network with and make friends with. So ultimately, what we're looking for, because there are the prizes, like five prizes going from 500, 400, 300, 200, and then 100. We're not looking for a perfectly polished video. Doesn't have to be perfect, doesn't have to be polished. We're looking for, what have you learned? What have you discovered? What's been your journey throughout this program? So use those guidelines, hey, this is what I started, coming in, wanting to accomplish. These are some of the things that I wasn't certain about. I wasn't sure about this or I was worried about that. This is what I took on, this is what I did, and here's what I've been learning, here's what I've been discovering. Throughout the weekends, this is what I've been learning by doing the volunteering. This is what I've been discovering, and sum it all up at the end. So just a short video, just to support you with your videos this week. I'm recording this at the moment on Zoom, so if you have Zoom on your camera, you can just hit the record button if you've got your own account. You can also use your phone to record, which is really, really straightforward and simple, and there's so many different ways that you can record. And if you want to do a bit of editing, there's plenty of free video editing software online that you can try out and just discover. And my advice is just go for it. Don't worry about scripting it, don't worry about doing any of that, just start sharing from those questions, and if you want to record it two or three times, go for it. But no need to worry about getting it perfect first, it's something which you discover through the process. Thank you, and I look forward to watching all of your videos and seeing you at Workshop 4. Thank you.
