start recording. So we're here. We've just had the amazing workshop from Lucas. Type in the chat, like what is one thing which you really liked about that workshop? Doesn't have to be something you learned, just what's something that you really liked about that masterclass? Go ahead and type that into the chat. Might be helpful, might be practical, it might have been inducing your curiosity. Go ahead and type that into the chat. Yep, drawing down ideas, very practical and clear. Yeah, got me over the hitch or the block to put my designs to paper. Fantastic, that's really great. The thinking behind the prototyping process, the relevance to my own business, super relevant. Absolutely. And one of the things I want to tie it into something that we said last week, and it's going to be even clearer now, is that as we were going through those user stories, user journeys, as we were going through getting them more and more useful, again, we're starting to notice that that clarity, getting that extra detail really adds to the process and makes it a lot easier. So type in clarity, the word clarity. If you can see, hey, the more specific that I get, actually, the more vivid it starts to show up and the more I can see that I can actually make a difference to these people. So type clarity into the chat if that's the case. Clarity, clarity, exclamation mark, clarity. Fantastic. Okay, great. So quick recap, just type into the Zoom chat, what is a prototype? What is a prototype? Go ahead and type to the Zoom chat, what is a prototype? What do you, when you think about a prototype, what's a prototype? Minimum viable product, which is just a reminder for everyone, minimum viable product is the smallest thing possible that will still work. Perfect. So that can absolutely be a prototype. Might not be the fanciest version, but it's there. Shane, great. A draft version of something that you wish to take to market. A scale model. So it might be something which is a lot smaller, but still gives you a sense of what is happening. The initial manifestation of an idea. Perfect, Kelly. And that's like the person who said gets you over the hitch of putting things onto paper or getting over that fear of the blank page. That prototype can be and is as simple as taking a pen to paper and going, okay, what do I need? It's a simple model before the final product. Thanks, Sienna. A test product to check market response. Yep, like Lucas was saying, yeah, you can take your drawings, you can take your designs, you can take your rough outlines, show them to people and be like, hey, what do you think of this? Is this all right? Or what do you like about it? What if, or what are some of those things? How could you improve it? And you could ask those questions. So that's really fantastic. And the when do you use it is, I'm not going to ask you to respond because the answer is pretty much as soon as possible, which is to say every single one of you for this week, and you've already started already earlier this session, is really starting to put those out at every single step now. Okay, perfect Shane, it allows you to immediately address potential issues, not at mistakes before spending time and money on the product. Absolutely. And a lot of those prototypes, especially if it's pen and paper or pencil and paper, or something very simple like balsamic, which I'll open up and show you briefly, in a little bit, it really gives you that opportunity to say, hey, will this actually work? How will people interact with it? Okay. Now, what's a wireframe? Essentially, it's just a series of drawings that point out, hey, this is what happens. And if someone clicks on this, this is where they'll go. This is where they'll go. Now, I just want to check, just type in the zoom chat, if you are creating and because in the interchange program, we say, hey, you don't have to be creating an app, the interchange program isn't an app creation program, and some of you will be creating apps. Okay, so we're not saying not to, but we're saying, hey, think about what is going to be useful, or what's going to make the difference. So type in the zoom chat, if you're creating a physical product, or a website, or a service, or an app, or maybe something else, your product or end result might look like something else. Okay, so just type that into the chat. Sienna, perfect, don't know yet, that's perfectly a good place to be. Still deciding website or app, a platform, so it's going to be a website and an app product, I got that. Shane, yet working on an app, website, app, application, website, still deciding app or service. Perfect. Perfect. Okay, great. So that's got given me a big sense of who's in the room. And you know what, like I said, last week, these breakout rooms are a mishmash of everybody in all of the different groups. So it wouldn't be surprised me if we have almost all of the groups represented here. So in a moment, I'm going to dive in and start to work with you to start looking at what are some things that you could prototype, you're going to get more and more specific, you're going to come up with examples, you'll see other people's examples. And you'll start to kind of grab Oh, I can do that, too. Maybe what if I try that out? Oh, that's interesting. What if I adapt that slightly, for what I'm doing and what my team is working on. But before we do that, I just want to check, are there any questions about user stories, where it says, Hey, this person wants to do this so that they can get this result. So I just want to pause and either type into the zoom chat, or raise your hand, hey, do you have any questions about user stories? Are there any things that you want to, to know or find out? Are there any questions at all? And feel free, by the way, to make this very specific to your product or your service or your app? Okay, so are there any questions? Going once, or type in no questions, if there's no questions. No questions. Thanks, Akeem. None so far. Okay, great. So very quickly, I'm gonna show you Balsamiq super quickly. Okay, so you can see my screen here, Balsamiq is there, I'm gonna imagine we're starting with a fresh new canvas. Okay, great. So Balsamiq is really simple. What you've got is a lot of these different icons and different things at the top. So if I want to create an iPhone, I can put that there, I can scroll out, and immediately I can start to play with what's happening. So let's say like, like was in the example, he was like, Hey, I want to put on some buttons. Let me see where some buttons, some layout things. So you can just select here, see what you want to do. I'm going to put a button here for rent. Just so those people can go to the next page. I'm going to put on a date chooser at the top. And as you go, you can start to play around with these things, we'll zoom in a bit, we start to play around with these things and go, okay, what do things look like? Now, part of the value of a prototype is, hey, as you go through, you might have a sense of, Hey, here are some of the features. Here are some of the things that I want to be in my app. And until you actually put it down, you're going to put a bigger date picker here. Until you put it down, you might be like, Hey, you know what? I don't actually know whether this is going to work or not. Or I don't know how things are going to connect together. I think we had Sienna. Was it you who shared your picture where you had the scrolling things with the t-shirts or looked like a t-shirt, like putting things down onto a screen, especially with the app of Balsamiq. Now, one thing I'll say about Balsamiq is for some things, it does not beat pen and paper. Okay. For some things, pen and paper as counterintuitive as it sounds, pen and paper just wins because you go, Oh, I'm going to sketch this out. But what Balsamiq does do is it lets you start going, Hey, okay. What do I need to do here? Okay. I want to pick the date. Why do I want to pick that? What's going to happen? I'm going to move it around. Like here's this combo box. Here are these different assets. I'm going to put a logo. That's really big. Don't want the logo to be that big. Okay. Maybe the logo is going to be in the top. Fantastic. Why is that face squished? Okay, cool. Let's, let's adjust that as we go. Why is it squashed now? I don't know. So you start to be able to put things in places and play around. Okay. Now type in yes or no in the chat. Okay. Type in yes or no as an answer. Also agree or disagree, actually agree or disagree. So that to this statement, your first prototype in Balsamiq needs to be perfect and it needs to look exactly like your final product is going to look. So type in agree or disagree, disagree, disagree, disagree. No one agrees. Well, I'm, I'm, I'm with you. Okay. Because everything that you do is an experiment. In fact, here's the thing, right? I'm going to type in, into the chat. If you've had any disagreements in your team as to how something should work, hey, we should look at this feature instead of that feature. We shouldn't do that. Just type in yes. If you've had any sort of disagreements within your chat, just type in yes. Okay. So Chidza has, Krisha has, Hoishi, Ranak, fantastic. The rest of you, they're coming. They're coming. Now I just would love for you to type into the zoom chat. Like what are some of those things which you've had disagreements about? What are some of those things you've had disagreements about? Like, what are some things which you're like, Hey, someone thinks this, someone else thinks that we don't know the answer. Or you may have actually just on, okay, you know what, we're going through this. I'm not happy with it, but we're going to go with this one. So just type in the chat. What are some of the things that you haven't fully agreed on, or that you may have disagreed on within your teams? Type those into the chat. Anybody? Sienna's just smiling because her team is fantastic. What project to work on, the customer's preferences, team names, logos, functionality, and the premise of the platform. Okay, great. Ranak, can I ask you to unmute and just tell me a bit about what specifically you mean about the functionality and start by, and if you can, can you just tell us, Hey, we're solving this problem. And this is kind of what we want to do about it. So the problem that I'm looking at, well, first of all, like letting me speak up and everything. So the problem that I've, well, we as a team are looking at now is to solve housing, the housing situation. So like in Brisbane, I'm based in Brisbane, it's fairly hard to like find people to move in with on like all of these different platforms, like existing platforms, like marketplace or like country, even for instance, and you can just, well, you're going to be sitting in front of your screen sorting out through like multiple, like multiple users until you find the right people to move in with. So I was thinking, you know, like say, for example, for instance, you've got Tinder, right? Tinder is so easy. When you need to find someone to like meet up with or someone that you have an attraction towards, like you just want to talk to them or something and see how it goes. You just swipe on them. And if they swipe on you, you know, like you've gotten in, you can just start talking to them. Why can't Tinder is easy. I haven't had that experience. Maybe that's just me. But I get it though. I get it. So you've got this, how do we connect? Yeah. It's the convenience of that thing. So why can't, well, we're living in a day and age where convenience is king, pretty much like, you know, you can be sitting at home at four in the morning. And if you're hungry, you can just go on Uber Eats and get mackets. Simple, simple stuff. Why is it not like that when it comes to finding housemates? Why do you have to text like 70 different people? It's like three and a half weeks to get a response back. You know, in those three and a half weeks, your situation could go from worse to dire completely. Yeah. Now, Ronak, what are you, so I really get that. Like, like just nod if you can kind of get the, the struggle and the anxiety and the, oh my goodness, this is going to be tough of getting a moving, moving, moving apartments or moving into a new apartment, finding a housemate. Yeah. So we can all relate to that. Well, not all of us, but like a lot of us can, or a lot of us. Yeah. It's going to be a real challenge in the coming months or years. Now, what are some of the features that your team hasn't yet agreed on? So one of the features was, well, me being an international student, I found it really hard to like, you know, like get those housemates in the first place. I moved into a student accommodation thinking that I'm going to be getting access to this WASP student body, which I'm going to be friends with. And hopefully I can move out with them because the truth is living in a student accommodation is fairly expensive. You don't, you know, like if you can move into a house, which is three better, you can split that rent between three people and find those two people. So one of the. So feature number one, I'm going to, I'm going to jump in from time to time to get it nice and concise, right? So that everyone can play along. So one, find other students, find other students. Okay. What's feature number two? Feature number two was listing jobs in the regions that they are looking to move into. So like. Listing via location. Yeah. Feature number three will be just being able to like find those properties on the app itself, and you can just start applying right away. Okay. So finding, so finding opportunities from external places, listing it on the app. Okay. Feature four. Feature four was just because your ID verified to jump on the platform itself, those rockstar ships that are being listed to you, those are being listed to like an outside hire, like this recruitment agency that I've been in touch with. So all you have to do is get in touch with those recruitment agencies and you can just jump in for like a rockstar ship going on a Sunday. If you want to earn like 50 bucks over the weekend, you can just go in and earn that money just in case you're falling short of rent or something. So my target audience is basically young international students. Okay. Pause for a second. Are you solving for it's hard to find a place to stay, or are you solving for, I need to get money? It was, it started off with, it's hard to find a place to stay. When you jump into that, that's a broad spectrum. Like it's on its own. It's like a broad, broad, very broad subject. Okay. Pause for a second. Type in, in the chat, clear or confused. If you like for this, for everyone else, if you're like following along and you're like, okay, I know what this is clear. I don't know what this actually is. Confused. Type that into the chat. I kind of want to see this confused. Yeah. Confused. Okay. Cause I was like, okay, fantastic. Housing, finding accommodation, finding the listings. And then it was like, okay, rockstar shifts. Okay. So maybe it sounds like there is more than one focus. Okay. So, so Ronak, what I would say now here's actually, I'm going to throw it to everybody. Right. And Ronak, are you open to getting some helpful feedback from the community? I would love that. Yeah. Perfect. So for everyone, what is one way that you could improve or elevate or take it to the next level for Ronak's like mini pitch or his idea? So clear. What's one thing that Ronak could do to improve that? Go back to the challenge question. Focus on one area. Okay. Now, now here's now because we're talking about prototyping, I want to start having a look at this. Now, for this is going to be example, I'm going to do this for everyone in a moment, but for everyone, what is something? So all of those things, right? Hey, we should focus on housing. No, we should focus on jobs until we go out and test that it's actually going to be difficult to say that people who have the objections are still going to have the objections. Now, the truth is we don't actually know what's going to make the biggest difference. So what is something that we could do to prototype both or either of those things? So I'm going to give you 30 seconds, everyone to just type in the chat, come up with one idea. Hey, what's a prototype that you could use? And Ronak, you should do this as well. And anyone else in your team, like what's one thing that I could prototype for Ronak's idea. So give me 30 seconds and we'll see what we can come up with as methods of prototyping. Good. So we've got put the design to paper. Then once you've got an idea, put it out. Okay, Ankit says, yep, using Adobe to create something, survey and interview the customers. Hoishi, yep, I got it. I'm creating a rough draft. This is yours of what it would look like on a phone or a laptop. Okay, perfect. And here's what can you also just combine a couple of those things, right? Because I think Hoishi, am I saying your name correctly? You're nodding, thank you. Okay. Or is it just Hoi? No, it's Hoishi. Oh, I nailed it. Thank you. Anyway, so everyone, can you see that if Ronak went, okay, here's this thing about accommodation, I'm going to draft something up and show it to someone. By the way, here's this thing about jobs and like last minute shifts. Hey, I'm going to draft this up and show it to people. Would that be helpful? And do you reckon Ronak would be able to ask people and say, hey, which one would you use? This one? Yes or no? This one? Yes or no? And then which do you prefer? Now type in yes, if that would be helpful in actually finding out which one Ronak should focus on. Type in yes, if you think, hey, like actually drafting that up. And when I say draft it up, I mean, like spend 30 to 40 minutes sketching it out. Yeah, yes. Ronak, can you see that that would give your team some clarity of where to go rather than just thinking, hey, this is better, that is better, this is better, that is better, back and forth. What would that give you? Just serving the customers, back up my claims, I think a little bit would just give us all somewhat more clarity as to what we're trying to do as a team. Yeah, perfect. Okay, let's give Ronak a big round of applause for participating because that didn't go how you thought it was going to go. Just seeing the confusion on your faces just makes me understand what my teammates might be going through, bringing all of these ideas to the table because I see it in a way, like it's all shaped perfectly in my head, but it's like I'm not being able to communicate it better. That's dope. So like just, yeah, just this entire experience like, yeah. Okay, perfect. Thank you. And type in me in the chat, everyone, if you suspect, hold on, there might be someone else in your team or maybe even yourself, but maybe for now someone else in your team or someone yourself who might be also kind of stuck in a bit of, you reckon that they might see the ideas perfectly in their head, but you just can't get it. Or if you're like, hey, that might be me, I wonder. So type in me if like, if either you or someone in your team, you reckon might be doing that, just type in me in the chat. Yep, Azeen, got it. Phillip, yep, perfect. Shiitza, where is she? Perfect. Okay. This is really powerful, right? Because while we're up in our heads, it's exactly like Ronak said, it's like, hey, I've got, it's super clear. Now with the prototyping, you've now got a tool combined with actually interacting and testing with people where you can start to get that clarity. Now Ronak, I'm going to say one thing, right? You're not going to be able to, you've got to be prepared because what you said was, hey, I'm going to confirm the validity of my ideas. Not quite, not quite. You might find that your ideas are rubbish, but what you will find is, hey, this is what is more likely to work. Now for everybody, what I want you to do is spend, is just type in what your rough idea is. And I want you to type in one or two ideas that you can see to prototype a specific section. So whether it's, it might be as simple as, I'm going to do a wireframe, or I'm going to look at this particular interaction, or I'm going to test out this and see how specific you can get it. I'm going to give you 45 seconds, but type in, hey, we're solving this problem. And this is our idea. And this is something that we're going to prototype. And we're going to see how many different prototyping ideas we can see from everybody in this group. Okay. Because you're going to be able to steal some of those ideas for each other. So 45 seconds starting now. Okay, 10 more seconds. Okay. Now go ahead and type that into the, into the Zoom chat. What are those things, prototype ideas that you can see for yourself? What could you sketch out? What could you put into a wireframe? What specific process, the more specific, the better. Go ahead and hit enter and type that into the Zoom chat. Perfect. Okay. So Hakeem says, yeah, give virtual points to people who do sustainable activities. Redeem those points for gift cards. Yep. So we could create a wireframe to understand how easy it would be to use. And if people find it too hard or confusing to incorporate it into their daily lives, right? So, so you kind of, you might have this, you might have your app like drawn out on a piece of paper and you might have a couple of sheets. Okay, cool. Stage one, stage two, when you click this stage three, and then see how they can figure And then see how they can figure it out or see what they do. Do they do the thing that they, that you want them to do, get them to actually click on the paper. Hey, this is what this is. How do you find out and start doing it that way? Or you could, and you, by the way, you could, you only have to do this with one or two people to start getting a really deep insight. Okay. Zach's going to create a prototype and get feedback. Zach, what's the prototype going to be? Do you know? I haven't come up with an idea. Okay. What's your, what's your product or what's your problem that you're solving? Reducing supermarket food waste. Okay. Reducing supermarket food waste. Now this is for everybody. Another thing that you can do is do something called a storyboard. So Zach, I'm going to talk you through what this might look like. And for everybody, you could use this to kind of get, get a big picture map. So Zach, who are you focusing on? Are you focusing on the supermarket or an individual? Supermarket stores in general. Okay. So just, if you imagine a, I'm going to draw this out. Actually, I'm not going to do that. If you imagine like a, like a bunch of squares. Okay. So if you fold a sheet of paper three times, you get eight squares. Yes. The first one, you might be like, Hey, here's the supermarket. In the next picture, you might have, okay, here's a bunch of food waste. Now what happens? What's the process? Where's the food waste currently go? Uh, well, the store manager would be collecting the food after it's not looking good anymore. And that, that can't be beyond the shelf to be. Okay, great. So now you've got a picture of a store manager, uh, with a sad face, looking at a pile of food with some stinky lines above it. Right. So you can be like, everyone can get the picture. And then like, that's version one, right? That's like storyboard one. That's like, what's currently happening. Uh, and then maybe the fourth frame of that version one is like, and then there's a whole bunch of hungry people who are also looking sad. Maybe. Okay. So that's now you've got like, okay, this is a story that's currently happening. Now the second one, you start looking at, okay, what happens next? What happens? Adding happy faces in there. Yeah. Happy faces. But like, and then what happens? So for now you might start to go, cause everyone, you might not be clear what your idea is just yet. Okay. Or you might not be a clear what's going on. So you might start with the prototype being, Hey, I'm just going to storyboard what's happening. So you can look up and Google storyboarding. By the way, we've also got that. And a couple of other things are on the slides. Can, can you just, so I can get a, first of all, Zach, does that make sense for you? Yes, totally. Yeah. So it might not be, you might have a specific thing yet, but you could zoom out and go, okay, what's the process now for everyone? Just type in makes sense. If that idea of zooming out a bit makes sense to you, just type makes sense in the chat. I came, got it. Yep. Fantastic. Okay. Cause sometimes cause like prototyping can zoom out, zoom in, get more detailed. Like the most detail is you've got all the bits and pieces. You put it in front of people, zoom out. You've got all that thing. Okay. So we've got 30 seconds left. Now I want you to consider that pivots are a thing, which are something which you can do or check out. Okay. It's okay to pivot. Facebook used to be a rating site. YouTube used to be a dating site. Instagram was a rating, a local place site. Okay. So they're now completely different. Don't be afraid to shift your ideas based on what Hi guys.
