eight. So, this is great. We're going to dive in and we're going to really explore Srinath and Avinava. Wonderful. It's great to see all of you dancing as we go. So, we're going to dive into the remaining three sections of the business model canvas and dive in even deeper. But first, I want to check how are you going so far with your customer or user personas and just explain what your solution or value proposition is. So, go ahead and type into the Zoom chat, hey, we are helping these customers or users and we're helping them by doing this. So, we are helping this group of people and we're helping them by doing this. Go ahead and type that into the chat. Nice and simple. You notice that when you say it that way, it just becomes really easy to share. Just becomes really easy to share. We're helping these people by doing this. And this is obviously your value proposition. And see what everyone is thinking. Okay. So, we help warehouses by creating a fulfillment center. And you want to fill out the sentence as well. You want to actually fill out the sentence. So, I'll just ask you to unmute briefly. Can you tell me this as a sentence, Pankaj? That's great. So, we are helping into warehouses that has the fulfillment center. By doing that, you're about to do it. Yeah. Solution is we have faced a problem in the picking technologies. We have seen the paper-based picking is very problematic these days. So, we have come up with the latest technology with IoT solutions for robotics and automation. We have come up with IoT for picking technologies. That is named as Cushy for voice-based picking technology. Okay. So, I'm going to put that into the chat. We are helping warehouses and fulfillment centers by implementing IoT, Internet of Things, picking technology. Perfect. So, you can see that in that one sentence, it's actually very clear. Perfect. Srinath and Abhinava, we are helping small businesses to do effective digital marketing while maintaining the privacy of the user. Okay. And how are you doing that? So, that's... Or is that what you're doing? You're doing the who is the small businesses and the what is the digital marketing and maintaining privacy? I got it. Okay. Great. Pari and Nomal, fantastic. We are helping small businesses by making their complex data easy for them to make it visual. So, to visualize the data. Wonderful. Wonderful. Okay. Great. Now, can... Just get... Type in yes in the chat if you can actually get... By putting that simple statement, it creates a world of what is going on and what you are doing. It just creates this whole environment. And you can start to picture it. You can start to imagine it. Type in yes if creating it in that sentence. We are helping these people by doing this. Just type in yes if that makes it really clear. Yeah. Perfect. Now, so much of entrepreneurship, so much of this challenge, if you look, really is creating the structure to be able to communicate your ideas. And also, what we went through in the last summit and the first summit where we started to explore the business model canvas is, you know, the structure also helps us to explore the ideas, get more detail, and create more clarity. Okay. Sattvik has put in the chat. Thank you, Sattvik. We help game addicts of all ages to get over gaming addiction with our app. And I'm not sure what without controlling is, but that's a part of it. Okay. Great, Sattvik. Thank you. So, we're going to start looking at distribution channels, revenue, and we're going to have a look at the expenses as well. Okay. And for each of these, we've got a couple of examples. We've got game addicts, we've got packing, we've got data visualization, and we have... Oh, I missed the one with health. Okay. And we've got, I think, another one in there as well. Digital marketing. So, I'm going to actually go through and we're going to use, because you've all put those in, we're going to create as many examples as possible for each of those. Okay. Is that okay? So, that all of you get as much benefit as possible. And any of you who are watching this video later on, watching the masterclass, you couldn't attend today's session, you're going to get a wide variety of examples. So, this is really great that you are all extremely engaged. Okay. And the other one, which I missed before, we're helping people with mental health problems in taboo-ridden countries, because, you know, in a lot of places it can be difficult to communicate about mental health, or even talk about it, or even admit it. Hey, I'm struggling is sometimes a difficult thing in some communities to say. So, we help people with mental health problems in taboo-ridden countries by providing social prescription services, and providing help via like-minded people using social virtual worlds. Wow. Wonderful. Wonderful. Okay. Great. Thank you so much for typing that in. Okay. Okay. So, the first thing we're going to look at is distribution channels. Okay. Distribution channels. And simply put, this is your marketing, how are you going to reach your people? Now, in the, let me see, in the, what's it called? In your workbook, in the SAC handbook and workbook, we've created this, this target. Now, essentially, one way to use this target is very straightforward. You have a look at all of the different things around the site, affiliate marketing, offline ads, so in-person physical ads, existing platforms, existing communities, offline events, search engine optimization. A lot of this will be familiar to you. Okay. A lot of this is familiar, but some of those might be new, or some of those you might not necessarily have thought of. So, something which you can do with this is just look through the list and start thinking, okay, what would be applicable? What would make sense? And a place to start is thinking about who is my user? Who is my customer? For example, gaming addicts are probably not going to go to trade shows unless they're gaming trade shows. Does that make sense? They're not going to go to the shows where all of the game developers gather together and meet each other. They're just not going to go to that unless they're in the industry. Also, they might not spend much time on different communities, or they might not spend much time looking at their emails for email marketing. Maybe, maybe they might, they might not, but trade shows is an example where they're not going to, or speaking engagements. Why? Because they're busy playing the games. So, what might work best for a gamer or gaming addict might be different for someone else. Now, someone who is in the mental health space or might be needing mental health support, they might have different places to go to. They might have different things which might make a difference to them. For example, community building, creating communities, or creating these virtual worlds kind of sounds like part of the service. You're creating these social virtual worlds. So, down the bottom here, community building, that might be something which is there. Let me turn my clicker on so that you can actually see there. So, community building down the bottom, that's actually part of your service. Fantastic. Also, someone who is dealing with mental health problems might not want to go to speaking engagements, might not want to go to in-person, offline events, because what if someone sees them there, but they might be very happy to look at ads online, or they might be very happy to read different blogs. Type in, yes, if this makes sense so far. Type in, yes, if this makes sense. Yeah, different customers go to different places, and different customers can be reached in different ways. Okay. So, first thing, we're going to go through a couple of examples. So, first, let's look at the warehouses and the fulfillment centers. So, I want you to look at this screen, and I want you to type in one or two marketing channels that you think might make sense for a warehouse or a fulfillment center. Go ahead and type in the chat. What's an example? And if you can, type in why as well, but if you don't know why, just type in the example, and we'll expand it. So, what would make sense for a fulfillment center? Okay, great. So, we have sales, we have trade shows, we have networking. Fantastic. Engineering as marketing. Yep. So, Pankaj, can you say more, say a bit more about that, because I think that could be very relevant. Can you say, just unmute and tell us a bit more about what you mean by engineering as marketing? Sir, when we are giving for a solution based on WMS, that is Warehouse Management System, and WCS, Warehouse Control System, we need to go with engineering background. We need to have the cloud and IoT solutions which will be given more specifically into engineering and technology for today's world. We are going to work on real-time problems and solutions for real-time scenarios in today's world. And the solution will be very specific to every customer who is handling the solution, and it will be our demand in our product, and we'll be creating a chance for leading upcoming customers for making it better solutions and easy day-to-day customer and making the business flexible, helping them through this engineering background. So, they should need to have a small mindset of engineering and also the business. Absolutely, because, and for everyone, you can really get that when you get a feature to a certain level. Now, not always, but especially in a highly technical world with highly specialized processes and highly specialized techniques, just like in warehouse management, where time, storage space, efficiency, the amount of the duration in which you can have it in the warehouse, minimizing that, getting it out of the warehouse, speeding all of that up, what are you putting in first, and what are you taking out so that you can get access to the things, all of that is highly specialized. So, when you come to something like engineering as marketing, when you can create a solution that is that technical and it just kind of does what you need, it almost speaks for itself. Now, this is relevant in specific industries. So, really, really great explanation, Pankaj. I really appreciate it. Okay, thank you. And can everyone see that, you know, the sales, trade shows, the networking, engineering as marketing, those were the ones which came up for the most people. There were a couple of other options as well, but you can start to see, oh, wow, yeah, there is a consensus around what will make sense. And that's just in this room. Now, I don't know that any of us are, I'm definitely not, I'm definitely not a warehouse fulfillment manager, but it does make sense. And where you would find out is, or here's another way to find out, is who is already marketing to warehouse managers? Who is already marketing to fulfillment centers? And that's a place to look and explore as well, because if you can find that other people are putting lots of money into this space, that can give you some clues. Now, one clue might be, I'm going to do that as well. I'm going to do that as well. The other clue might be, that is quite busy. I'm going to do something different, but I'm going to take the insights from that field. Okay. Because if everyone's doing it, sometimes it becomes more expensive and sometimes it becomes more crowded. Okay. So you can start to think about, to think critically, actually get what is the best place. Okay. So now let's have a look at gaming addicts, gaming addicts. So we're wanting to help gaming addicts make a difference to their lives and really monitor and be able to manage their gaming. So what are some, so if you have a look at the screen, I'm going to put it back up on the board. What are some of the channels that will make a difference to gaming addicts? So which of these, which of these things would make a difference? Go ahead and type in your guesses in the chat and a great place to start as well. If you are a gamer, you might look at different specific things. So that might be part of it, whether you're a gaming addict or not, if you're a gamer, you're in the same environment or in the same world. Okay. Existing platforms, including existing gaming platforms, perhaps. Yep. Which is your name? Srinath or Abhinav? Which one are you? I know there's two of you. Srinath. Okay. Got it. Yep. I can see you nodding. Thank you. Social and display ads. A couple of times. Perfect. Online ads. Perfect. Because a lot of the time when we're gaming, we're either in front of a console or we're on a computer and we're well-placed to receive those advertisements. Potentially affiliate marketing with well-known gamers, search engine optimization, and also potentially the influencer side of things, unconventional public relations, things like that as well. Okay, great. And we'll do one more. Let's have a look at which one? Small businesses. So we've got two small business targets. We've got one for visualizing data and the other one for digital marketing. So let's have a look at those together. What are some channels that you might use for small businesses? Go ahead and type into the Zoom chat. What would you use for a small business? SEO. Great. Content marketing. Okay. What else are we thinking? Yep. Search engine marketing. Great. Anything else? Yeah. PR. Some trade shows and exhibitions, depending on the industry that the market that the company is in. Absolutely. Target market blogs. Now, something to consider when you're thinking about small businesses as distinct from medium-sized and larger businesses is that is that smaller businesses have so much time on their hands, don't they? No, they don't. Because small businesses are a few people, small team, and they're doing literally everything, aren't they? They're handling the sales, they're handling the operations, they're busy creating the products. So that's just something to keep in mind. Do they have the time to actually go to the trade show? Sometimes, but only if it's important enough. Okay. So that's just something to consider. How much time do these people have, really? Okay. Now, as we go through in terms of the distribution channels, you want to start choosing the most cost effective. And as you start to look at things like advertising, PR, unconventional PR, start to do your research and make your approximate guesses about how much is it going to cost. Especially if you're doing advertising, start thinking about what is a paid ad going to cost? What is a paid ad on Google going to cost? How much is it going to cost to do the work for the search engine management? Now, here's where it can sometimes be tempting to say, we're going to do everything for free. Search engine optimization, we'll do it ourself for free. Or PR, we're going to do something crazy and it's going to go viral. What I would invite you to consider is that most viral campaigns, especially by large companies, actually take a lot of work. So actually consider that it does cost some money. And a place to start for your idea might be to limit, to still put some money into paid advertising, if it makes sense, if it makes sense. But start small, maybe start $500, $100, $1,000, something like that. So that you can actually test it. You can actually experiment. Because inside of your plan, now on the pitch night, in the finals, you'll have the chance to ask questions. And sometimes they might ask you a question you don't know the answer to. But what you can do is say, hey, based on our plan, and based on the results from our initial trials, from our initial launch, we expect to see these results based on these results. Boom. So you can factor those initial tests, those initial things into your example. So other types of things, right? If you have a look here, this is actually a creative marketing example. And it's promoting art. And if you have a look at the, the caption on the right hand side, it's actually limiting the amount of availability. It's saying, hey, these are never going to be reprinted, it's only going to be available at this time. So it's using a form of scarcity. Now, if no one knows who you are, this actually isn't going to work, right? Because no one's going to care. But if you can start to go, okay, there is some demand, how do we create this? Okay, that might be something that you can explore. Okay. Now, as you start to go to the next example, ads on wheels, like this was an interesting way to reach people was like, and this was a couple of different things. This is revenue, expenses, marketing channels all at once. This company decided how do we invite people to use their cars as advertising. And they would pay the driver of the car based on the kilometers, it would track them how often they would go in specific areas. So how would you reach people in a specific location, maybe pay someone in that location to put the ads around. And maybe as an expense, pay the person just like that. So this is an example, which is a bit creative. Okay. And while this wasn't, I think, a US example, or an Australian example, you could start to think about, okay, what are some creative ways to get the marketing out? Tesla, the big thing for Tesla is the experience. So if you look at the thing, this is just this simple ad schedule, a touchless test drive, you get in the car, you go driving, that's it, don't touch anything, don't touch the wheel, nothing. Now, for a lot of people, that's going to be building that curiosity, creating that experience. So if you're in a warehouse, you might go, hey, I want to show you a simulation of what it was like, how much time you would save, how much effort would be reduced, what are all of the different things that would happen, and how much staff, how much fewer staff you'd need. Okay, so maybe it's a simulation, maybe you're putting that up there. Maybe you're creating this simulation online, where people can actually go, okay, you know what, I have x number of items coming in each day, I have x number of unique units, and I have x number of deliveries going out. And you calculate, hey, this is how much time you're going to save, this is how much money you're going to save as a marketing tool. Because then people can start to actually plan, put in their details, see something customized for them. Okay. Now, as we look at the costs, okay, as we look at the costs, now costs, I'm not going to spend too much time on, but the key thing we want you to look at are what are the fixed costs, and what are the variable costs. So fixed costs don't change. Office rent, salary, insurance, things are going to be there regardless. And what are the variable costs? Variable costs go, hey, if we create, if we implement our warehouse solution out into 10 warehouses, we pay 10x this cost. So just want everyone to type into the Zoom chat, what are some examples of the variable costs that you can see for your business? What are the variable costs for your idea? Just type in the Zoom chat. What are some different costs that will be unique to you? Yeah, so an exchange rate. Yeah, perfect. So exchange rates, yeah, variable, like it depends on sure, depends on how much money is being exchanged, I suppose. Server building. Yep. So if you're, if you're, now servers, probably for the first bit, if you're optimizing right down to the per user, yes. Now, sometimes at the start, your server, you can only get a minimum size server, and it's big. And that server covers the first hundred clients, you might only have 5, 10, 15, 20 clients. So that way, it's fixed up until that, and then it varies upwards. Does that make sense, everybody? Just note if that makes sense. Anybody? Yeah. Okay. Shreya, thank you. I got that note. Yeah. Yeah, perfect. Yeah. Also, if you're looking at, I think one of the examples was creating that community virtual world. Now, if you've got people in there, then you might need a person for every three or four people that are seeking help to be able to manage and support the community. So as people, as more people come on board, you need to hire more people, even if those people are being hired for an hour, two hours, three hours, four hours at a time. Great. Travel expenses based on projects and so forth. Okay, great. And finally, revenue. Here, for revenue, this is often one of the things which it's very easy to see the first level of revenue, where you're going to get the first bit of money. Some places to look elsewhere. Okay. Some places to look elsewhere. Also include, hey, who else cares about these customers? So I want you to, so let's have a look at some of these other things, right? So small businesses. Who else wants small businesses to succeed? Just type in the chat. Let's have a look at some examples. Who else wants small businesses to succeed? And why I'm asking this is because these could be potential other customers. Okay. These could be potential other customers. So who else wants small businesses to succeed? Okay. Government. Good. What else? Investors. Yeah. Good. What else? People. Yep. Sometimes. Yep. The consumers. Yeah. Yeah. And depending on a number of different places, banking, might, law enforcement, military, sometimes insurance as well. Now, especially for the social, the mental health one. And I'm completely unfamiliar with the insurance, the health insurance space in India. Okay. I've no idea about what it's like, but here in Australia, the insurance companies or the health insurance companies invest in things which reduce the likelihood that people will become unwell. Why? Because if they're not unwell, then they don't have to pay out the insurance fees or pay the insurance payouts. Big market leaders. Yeah, absolutely. Banks is a really good one. So my invitation is start to have a look who else cares now for the gaming addicts, right? And it might be at different levels, education system, government, you mentioned, but also families, also families, also companies who have their employers with reduced effectiveness as a result of gaming addiction. Okay. So companies might want to go, Hey, we're going to support you. So have a think about how else can you learn, earn money? Who else can you go to? Now, something that we say here, by the way, is avoid having government funding or grants as your long-term or primary revenue source. And that's because governments act really, really fast and they're really attentive and they always give you what you want super quick, right? No, they don't type in the zoom chat. How quick governments normally, when they make a decision, how quick our governments typically, when they make a decision, just type in zoom chat. You can say fast, slow within one month. Yeah. So within this example, for example, now one month, I'd say it would be pretty quick, but typically quite slow because they want more information. They want it to align with their priorities. They want it to make sense for the people who are voting. Yep. So not sure is a really good answer because sometimes you don't know, okay. Lots of people involved, lots of decision makers. So we say, avoid that as your primary or long-term revenue source. You could put it in maybe later or as an additional source, but avoid it as your primary revenue source. Or if there's a really clearly definable grant and it's really obvious, maybe as a once-off, but those things can often change as well. Okay. So that's this bit down here. Also have a look at different types of ways of making money. For example, could this be a subscription? Okay. So for the warehouse model, maybe that could be a subscription, like setup plus subscription, ongoing service. The online community for social, digital social worlds, that could be a subscription. Fee per usage, maybe that could be fee per usage as well. What it's going to make sense? For the warehouses or the system, maybe it's renting the machinery. So you've got a subscription service for the software and you rent out the machinery. Maybe you're selling things directly. It didn't look like any of these were direct products. Maybe it's advertising, maybe it's consulting with the digital marketing side of things, right? Maybe it's an initial consulting, but it's a direct product. Maybe it's a direct product consulting to give people the ideas and then ongoing support or licensing some software. Okay. So I want you to consider that, you know, there's lots of different ways to charge for your services in a way that makes sense for people. Because some people have lots of money and they can pay you lots of money upfront. Other companies can't, they have to wait, or that depends on cashflow, depends on whether they see. They want to go, no, I don't want to pay you thousands of dollars first. I want to pay smaller amounts on a regular basis so that I can see, does this work? Is this valuable? Okay. Real life revenue examples. Now this is very simple. This is a sock subscription. Why? Because at least for me, I lose socks all the time. I don't buy this, but it's something which I would consider, Hey, like how can I, so this is normally when you buy socks, you don't think of getting a subscription, but this falls into the category, you know, subscriptions fall into the category, especially for direct to consumer of things, which people buy. And then it just comes, the money just keeps on going out. And then you forget, just like Netflix, all of the different streaming services, a big part of their revenue is because people just forget that they signed up. And then they go, Oh, I've signed up. I've paid for another month. Oops. I'll cancel next month. And then they forget. Also, Amazon has a subscription for example, and the subscription is called Amazon prime. And this gives benefits across a lot of different things. And, you know, with Amazon prime, once you've got Amazon prime, even if you're not buying things, Amazon still gets the money, couple of dollars every single month. Okay. So start thinking like, what's going to make sense. And it's priced so low that for a lot of people, it's just like, Oh yeah, I get the discount. I get the next day delivery. I get the convenience. Why wouldn't I, why wouldn't I pay for this? Which is another powerful thing to consider. Hey, when I'm thinking about the, when I'm thinking about my services, how much money is my customer spending on this problem already? How much is not solving this problem costing my customer? So when you can build out that pain point by not fixing the problem, by not implementing your service and show them, Hey, you're actually losing all this money. So you can ask your warehouse manager, for example, Hey, at the moment you move 500,000 items per month. How much money are you losing or how much money are you not earning? Because you can't actually move 700,000 items per month. And then you let them do the calculations. And then they're like, wow, okay. I'm losing, like, that's a potential extra insert dollar value here. Okay. And, and then it's like, Oh, wow, that's, that's pretty. And then once you do that, then you can say, look for only X amount of dollars, you're able to increase your productivity, decrease your expenses, fulfill those customers, expand your business and have an easier management life, getting done everything that needs to get done because everything becomes streamlined and straightforward with our product. When do you want to start? Pretty persuasive, isn't it? When you compare it to what they're losing or their potential gain. Okay. Now something to keep in mind, right? This follows into the, to the revenue and your costs, all of your marketing and your items and your sales, you'll notice, and it is all connected. So if you start doing promotions, that's going to dive into either reducing your revenue, or it's going to cost something to promote. So just make sure that you actually build up a list and start looking, how much will this give me, or how much will this cost me? And then you can start to consolidate it all like really good teams, put together some clear actual numbers, even if they're rough. So that in the videos, it's very clear to understand, okay, this costs roughly this amount of dollars. This costs roughly this amount of dollars. And this costs roughly that amount of dollars. And you can use US dollars, you can use Australian dollars, Australian dollars might be easier for the for the judging, which is happening here in Australia, but and just do the conversion, okay. But that will make it a bit easier, but like actually have it all out. Now in the live pitch, you might have an extra slide, which you don't share or some extra notes that you have. So if judges ask you about the financials, you can refer to your notes and say, actually, they weren't in our slides. But here is the breakdown. Okay, here's the breakdown. Now, that is everything that first of all, I want you to type into the chat. Has this been helpful? Have I started to open up some new ideas and some new opportunities for you type? Yes, if that is the case, type in Yes, if that's the case. Outstanding. And I can see that you have so many of you on camera that really makes it really good for me. So I really appreciate it. And it enhances, yeah, enhances the experience for all of you as well to see much more faces. And I know that a lot of you who are off camera have been typing in the chat. So that's been fantastic. Mohammed, Pari. Fantastic. That's great. Satvik, you've been typing in as well. So that's wonderful. Okay. We've got 20 seconds left. Any final questions? Going once, going twice, how many how many pitches will be calculated? Like if you're submitting the pitch, and is that five pitches calculated five teams are from each team, it is different. So when you submit your video pitch, we are going to go into this next actually. So Pankaj in the next section, if you could ask this question, then so that everyone could get the answer. I think that would be great. Sure. All right. Thank you. I'll see you all in the main room.
