Why don't we kick off and people might still be filtering in, but we can kick off, yeah. If it's okay, I'm going to share my screen and to kick us off with a quick video from the city. We call it the Why Joondalup video, and it's something that we use quite often for when we're speaking to an audience, particularly an international audience. This is about really showcasing what we've got to offer in Joondalup in terms of tourism and destination, but also from the perspective of investment and what we can offer in terms of tech for startups and businesses and bigger corporate companies as well to come and invest in Joondalup. I'll share that with you, and if we've got time, I've got another one that I'll share towards the end, but let me just do this. Can you see that presentation? It's one place in Australia. One sec. All good? Yeah. We're seeing the whole slide, but I think it's fine. and smart growth, where you can find global talent and a diverse supply chain, a place that's becoming known as the capital of cyber. Welcome to the city of Joondalup. Welcome to Joondalup. Be a part of the global community. Now is the time. Connect with your future. There's one. There's one. Sorry, let me just get away from that slide so it doesn't keep playing. I wanted to go through, before we get into the challenge themes, just a little bit of context around where we're at in terms of innovation, and I guess explaining our role within innovation as a way of giving some background to why the city has created this challenge with the Frank team. I think James, the CEO, did mention this earlier today that we have very limited space in Joondalup, particularly in comparison to our neighboring local governments, the city of Stirling and the city of Wanaroo, who have quite a lot of development space still ongoing and have a lot of population growth predicted in their future. In the city, we have the ocean on one side, the city of Wanaroo on the other, and above us. So we're very much at capacity almost in terms of our population. So as a result of that, entrepreneurship is really a key driver of our business culture. We're home to over 10,000 micro businesses, so very small home-based businesses, and programs like the Innovation Challenge are very much a part of how we hope to bolster that future workforce that is both entrepreneurial and employable. The city is committed to supporting innovation in the digital economy, and again, James did mention this in his presentation earlier, but just last month at our August council meeting, the city of Joondalup council voted to support some real exciting innovative development areas, looking really at business and innovation precincts, understanding how to grow our startup culture, looking at funding opportunities and programming and partnerships. So that's really going to catalyze a lot of the economic and innovation growth that we see in the future years. We're actually about to embark on a revision of our economic development strategy, which is what guides our activities in this space, and I think innovation is coming through from our business community as a really clear focus area for future development of the economy. I'll just quickly touch on tech and cyber. I know that that's part of one of our theme areas, but it's also one of the core focus areas for me in my role and for the whole team as we deliver that economic development strategy. We consider ourselves to be a prime location across that investment industry development for the knowledge economy. So we've got health, medical, education, training, cybersecurity, and again, we'll talk about this a bit more once we get into the themes themselves, but anything related to that 4.0 technologies, automation, robotics, AI, big data, defense, tourism and retail. So there's a lot in there. There's a lot of what we've already got in Joondalup, but it's about elevating those emerging technologies as a way of driving some of this industry development. In terms of the skill shortages, it's probably no surprise to the people in this breakout room that we're going to be looking at something like 18,000 skilled cyber workers needed in Australia alone. Joondalup is one of the largest outputs of cybersecurity graduates nationally. So that's something that we really want to focus on making sure that there's an industry for those graduates, but also in really trying to increase that pipeline of students working with schools and the tertiary sector as well to really bolster the amount of interest that's coming into this sector. So we'll get into the challenge themes. So theme three is revitalizing the visitor economy. This is one that's kind of been on the board for the last few years with obvious reasons. We have had some significant impacts to the visitor economy as a result of COVID-19. So it's really exposed how much national and local economies rely on visitors. In comparison to Australia as a whole, the city is actually more reliant on the visitor related industries as a proportion of the whole economy. So when you look at it that way, it's based on the range of sectors that we have, but we're actually more susceptible to those fluctuations. So as a result, we're really focused on how we can support the survival of visitor related businesses in the short term, as well as building a strong foundation for long term resilience and growth. In 2020, we launched the destination city plan, which is this five year strategy that the city will deliver to grow the visitor economy. When we talk about the visitor economy, we're not just talking about tourism. We're really looking at the broader destination and visitors. So we're talking about education visitors. We're talking about visiting friends and relatives of our students. We're talking about people coming from within and outside of WA to use our hospital campuses to use medical services, not to mention, you know, retail and hospitality and obviously tourism. Tourism is a significant focus area for us. Hillary's Boat Harbour is the second most visited precinct or place in WA, behind Kings Park, I believe. And that's in our patch, so that's very much part of as we support that precinct and making sure that we're getting holidaymakers and international visitors back into Perth and making sure that Joondalup is getting that market share. Hillary's Boat Harbour is a big part of how we position ourselves in that space. So I mentioned the VFR and holiday seekers, the key drivers for leisure visitation to Joondalup in the city's three tourism sectors. So we've got overnight, international overnight trips, domestic overnight trips and domestic day trips. A strong appeal in the VFR market is very much attributed to the region's significant expatriate population. I don't know whether you'll be able to tell from my accent, but I'm actually originally from the UK and I live in Joondalup. And there's a lot of people from our main kind of expatriate locations are the UK and South Africa and India. Those are the top three significant countries of origin for our community. So friends and family of those people are a significant target audience for tourism activities. In terms of education, we are home to a variety of primary schools, secondary schools, tertiary and vocational education institutions that attract both domestic and international students and visitors. So obviously, we've mentioned Edith Cowan University and North Metropolitan TAFE. We have the WA Police Academy, the College of Electrical Training, the AMA College. We also are home to a number of significant RTOs. And I think the core thing for us in terms of our destination strategy is that education is really a driver of visitors to Australia. International students are not only visitors themselves, but they attract visitation from their family and friends. Our latest data shows that for every one international student, sorry, for one in every four people that visited Australia came to visit a family member or friend who was studying here. So the numbers are significant. So the challenge questions in relation to revitalising the visitor economy, how might the city collaborate with partners such as local education providers, state government and community groups to attract more students to juggle up? And number two, what can be done to address the barriers such as cultural diversity, language and accessibility to employment for international students? I'm very happy to take questions as we go on this. If you want to pop something in the chat or just unmute yourself, if that's OK, Aaron, I am conscious of the time ticking away. But if anyone has any questions before I dive into theme four. Absolutely. I think anyone who wants to ask a question at any time, just raise your digital hand or type it into the chat so that they can, as they pop up, integrate that into what you're saying. Right, so if there's not, I'll move on and feel free to just put your hand up or ask me a question at the end. Perfect. So theme four, securing digital innovation. So I've given you a lot of context around this already with regards to that industry 4.0 and the cyber security capabilities. But as we know, strong cyber security is a fundamental element of growth and prosperity in a global economy. And the more the more connected we become, the more at risk we become. So from a national security perspective, it requires partnership involving governments, the private sector and the community. We've seen, particularly in recent months, that Australia is increasingly a target for cybercrime. And there is an obvious need for stakeholders at all levels of government, industry and the small business community to be involved in that. And the small business community to work together to really strengthen our resilience in this space. The other side of the city of Joondalup's focus on cyber security is really building that cyber cyber skills pipeline. It's been identified, it was identified as a challenge in the Australian cyber security strategy, which was announced in 2020, which I understand they are looking at a bit of a review of with the new federal government. But Joondalup, as I mentioned before, is very much a hub of cyber security. We have the WA off-cyber innovation hub, which was the first innovation growth centre announced in WA. And that's based here at Edith Cowan University with a focus on cyber security with WA off-cyber. And, you know, the city works really closely with that ecosystem to promote cyber security as a career, as a as a subject. And we work very closely with startups and businesses in that space also to support their growth and to help students to learn from them as well. We get involved quite significantly in work integrated learning and really encouraging that collaboration between the businesses within that ecosystem. So there's a few challenge themes here, and some of them are a little bit divergent. I think the first ones at that kind of base level are so many, many, many ideas that can come from this one. What can be done to protect Australian families and businesses from cyber threats? How can, sorry, that's not written very well, is it? Sorry. What can be done to encourage critical sectors such as education, retail and health to ensure high standards of cyber security protections? How might we ensure that there are high standards in the teaching of cyber security qualifications to students? And what can the city do to facilitate an innovation center or a place that simulates and nurtures a startup ecosystem? So you'll see that we've added that last one in there, potentially as a result of the council decision that we made last month. That's very much going to be a focus for the economic development team, but for the city as a whole. And it's something that we want to ensure our community are very solidly behind. So that I think that's a really interesting one. And we've done a little bit of work recently on looking at the global map for innovation precincts and successful startup hubs. So I'm really interested to see if any ideas come from that one. Any questions? And what might be good is for all of our students, why don't you type into the Zoom chat, what are some of the specific areas that you're looking at or problem areas within these themes? Because if you share those, then there might be things which Beck can latch onto and just share from. So what are some of the problem areas? And it might not yet be fully defined. It might not yet. You might be like, hey, we're interested in exploring this, or we're interested in exploring that. One of the teams earlier today, Beck shared that one of the ideas was around, hey, how can we help international students feel safe and feel included and feel welcomed in this environment? The person who shared it was like, wow, I hadn't even imagined that as someone who's lived in Western Australia or lived in Australia their entire life. So for all the students, go ahead and type those into the chat. Or you can just share it. Grayson, you're there on camera. Oh, Eldridge has got one. Grayson, I'll come to you in a moment if that's okay. Eldridge says, I feel that the well-being and mental health of local and international students may have suffered drastically in the past 18 to 24 months. Absolutely. How does Joondalup cope with this and help students? And I'll add something to that. Are there any challenges that council and the city of the Joondalup have identified that they're still in the process of actively exploring? Because for students, that might be something which it might be good to say, hey, this isn't necessarily solved yet. Or this is what council is focusing on. What can we do to explore that? Thank you, Eldridge. That's a really good question. As a local government, we actually facilitate a network called the Joondalup Education Network, and included in that are all of our tertiary high schools. So the vet sector and the university. And we really, that is quite an operational group. We kind of were a doing group. We've used that as a way to come up with ideas to support. It's had a major focus on international students because it was actually created in the height of COVID. And it was originally created because we had a lot of international students who were sort of stuck here and didn't really have the ability to go home to their families and hadn't necessarily budgeted to stay in the accommodation that they were in and things like that. So there was a lot of support activities that went in, not just by the city of Joondalup, but there was a few not-for-profits and study paths played a huge role in this. So one of the first kind of activities that we did in terms of well-being was we worked with a professor at ECU to conduct some in-depth kind of qualitative assessments of what specifically the issues were. And we were able then to say, well, here's something that we can't solve. Perhaps we can solve this. And part-time work came up very clearly as something that would really help that community integration and obviously cash flow challenges that are faced by international students. As a result, we then were able to facilitate a jobs expo that wasn't necessarily focused on graduates. It was actually focused on our local business community being able to tap into talent as part-time as students were still studying. And so there's things that we would certainly want to support with. We also offer a range of community services, such as the library program. We have a lot of student resources at the library. And there's a lot of work that we can do around connections, particularly to organizations like StudyPair. Great. Eldritch, was that helpful? Thank you so much, Bec. Yeah, thank you. Grayson, go for it. Yeah, we just have 20 minutes left. I don't have any questions. But I want to say that I have been studied in ECU and UWA for both universities. And I have very good feelings of ECU. I mean, the service they provided. So I want to contribute to the general hub. Great. Please connect with me then. I'd love to speak to you more. Yeah, definitely. Well, Grayson, message me afterwards. I'll find you Bec's LinkedIn and you guys can get in touch. I, we have still have time to talk a little bit. Yeah, because I have some ideas. Yeah, because my personal idea. But in our group, which is the theme one. But I personally like this idea about the visitors, international students. So and also after this video, I'm going to talk about my personal idea with my mentor. Great. Yeah. Yeah, nice. Fantastic. But I would...
