Okay, so that's really great, whatever it is that you just said, Carol, about dealing with that thing. Because you know what? In the form, you really get to powerfully discover those constraints, those walls or barriers to being. And every one of those walls or barriers to being, you distinguish them in a way that you're actually able to disappear every one of those barriers, all of them, leaving you with the full possibility of being for human beings, which is to say, you walk out of the form in a new world, completely free to be and free to act. And like, you walk out into this new world, it'll be a world of possibility. And the burdens and obligations of life have disappeared. And it'll be like, wow, this is it. And you're free to be and free to act. You read that so much better. All right, so pause for a second, I'll break it down in a second. But what did you get from it as I generated that? It made more sense. It was very interesting. It was easy to follow. Yeah. Yeah. Yeah, because, and I kind of create it, right? So you'll powerfully discover, right? So not learn about, not find out about, not get a sense of, no, you discover the constraints. All right, because both of you, you might remember in your forum, there were times when Paul was like, okay, cool, go and have a conversation, have an involvement conversation with someone in your life in a way that makes a difference to someone, or even one of the things, go and make a difference for someone. And what's right there is, I don't want this to be sales, blah, blah, blah, I don't, why am I inviting people? No, have an enrollment conversation that makes a difference. Actually, it's not mentioned in the assignment at all, but we make it all this sort of stuff. And we notice, oh, I'm resisting doing this, resisting doing this. So why? Like you actually discover those constraints. How do you know? Because that's the, yeah, I know that, I know that, I know that the instruction said to do that, but I'm not going to do that. That's the constraint. That's the, oh, I was like, oh, I really, I really, I get it. I really should do that. I'm going to, I'm going to, I'm going to, yeah, I'm going to call that person up and just, yeah, I'll do it on Saturday. Four days later, haven't called, right? So you, like, you'll discover those constraints, right? And you'll discover them in a way, so, and each one of those, every single one of those walls or barriers are distinguished, right, distinguished, you've gotten clear on them. You get really clear on them, like precisely clear on them in a way that you're able to disappear every one of those barriers. So like, as you go through the distinctions of the landmark form, a distinction is really something that gets distinguished. So as you distinguish your winning formulas, as you distinguish your rackets, as you distinguish your stories, as you get clear on, oh, wow, I'm unlovable is a story. What happened is I fell over and like, people laughed, oh, oh, they're, they're, they're, they're, they're, they're separate. So now it's clear to you that they're separate, it's distinct for you that they're separate. Now that story can, you can, you can let go of it, right, because it doesn't have any impact. What happened is you fell over. So obviously you won't go through, or not obviously, but you won't go through that distinction necessarily with them or kind of explain it in this detail. Like, like really the only reason I can explain it in this detail is because you're both graduates of the forum, right? So you can actually get it. But once you've distinguished it and you've like unstuck it, that's now something which doesn't have a hold on you anymore. So it's like that constraint has actually disappeared, right? And in fact, it did disappear, like all those different things that you distinguished, you got the inauthenticity, you shared it, you had the involvement conversation, you created a new possibility, like many of those things just was like, oh, okay, that's just no longer a constraint anymore. That's not to say that you might not discover new constraints, they're not new constraints, like they're actually old constraints, which are just kind of buried under there. So you keep on doing that. Even I'm doing that. Don't you worry. Yeah. But those ones which you've distinguished, like, yeah, like those no longer have a hold on you anymore. Yeah. Maybe the similar things might come back, but like, you've now got that power to forever be able to distinguish them. And when you do that, when you get to the Sunday and you discover, and Shah, you said it like right at the start of today, right, like, okay, hold on, life is empty and meaningless. And it's empty and meaningless that that it's empty and meaningless, even that it's empty and meaningless doesn't mean anything. That's empty and meaningless too, right? When you're in that world, okay, now you've like, free to, I'm just free to be, it's free to be and free to act. So that's what free to be and free to act is, that's like walking out of Sunday night. And then on Sunday morning, like, okay, hold on, like I've walked past those same trees every single day. So somehow they're greener. And in Singapore, like the trees aren't particularly pretty all the time, but like, oh, pretty. My parents actually come from Singapore, so I spend a bit of time there. You don't like the trees here? They're very different to the trees in, the ones in your background photo are gorgeous, but like. Yeah, that's a false background, right? Yeah. Right, it exists somewhere. It does exist somewhere, yeah. In my dream. But yeah, so that's it. So like, you've got constraints and sometimes I'll paraphrase this a bit, right? Like, hey, like you'll discover those constraints, walls and barriers that you have, right? Like, and look, a lot of those are sometimes in blind spots. You don't even know that they're there. I mean, or you know that there's some block there, but you're not really clear, right? Which is great because in the forum, you start to get really clear on what those barriers are. And in fact, you get so clear about them. You distinguish them in a way that those barriers actually fully disappear. And you get to do that for all of those barriers. And you walk out of the forum in a new world where those burdens and obligations of life have disappeared and you're free to be and free to act everywhere in life. Pretty exciting, yeah? Definitely. Yes. Yeah, real quick. You know what? Like, people often get breakthroughs that they aren't even expecting. I'm going to list out a few of these areas and I want you to just have a look at your life and see if any of these are areas that you'd love to also go to work on. So you've got greater overall productivity, confidence, relationships, communication with family and friends, more fulfilling work, career, better health, well-being, vitality, improved finances, wealth, more intimate relationships and greater romance in your life, greater happiness, satisfaction and self-expression, tackling concerns such as procrastination, fears that stop you, regrets, self-doubt, being a leader within a community, within an organization or within other social concerns. So, I mean, from this list, are there any additional results that you now see from these areas that you'd love to use to learn more performance impact? Yeah.
