Okay, fabulous. So thanks very much, Aaron, for giving me the go ahead. I'm just keeping a note of the time here. So yeah, just to sort of follow on from the introduction. My name is Usha Ireniga and I'm professor at the School of Property Construction and Project Management at RMIT University. I also work with the UN. I've been for the last seven years working as a colleague of the Sustainable Buildings and Construction Programme for the UN and I'm also leading two research grants at RMIT. One is the IC3P, the Integrated Circular Economy, Climate Resilience and Clean Energy Platform and the other one is called the Victorian Circular Activator. So I'd like to start off by acknowledging the lands from which I'm speaking to you today and I'm speaking from the lands of the Woiwurrung and the Boonwurrung language groups of the Eastern Kulin Nation on whose lands we conduct the business of the university and we respectfully acknowledge ancestors and elders past, present and emerging. And I'm about 10 kilometers from RMIT from the comfort of my home speaking to you today, also from these same lands. So just very quickly I wanted to give you sort of a good foray into why am I speaking to you about circular economy. So not just through the work that I do but I've always been very interested in research translation and research impact and you know what else but circular economy economy sings to me. I've had a long history of over 30 years working in the energy efficiency and sustainability space and I've worked in government, in academia and of course internationally as well as on various types of research projects from sort of pure research through to applied research projects and you can check out some of my research publications if you're interested because I've got my orchid details there for you. So today I know from the briefing that I have been provided that there are three main areas of focus that you've been given as your challenge, tourism, textiles and food. And I want to start off with your three areas of challenge by starting off in the buildings and construction sector because that's the sector that I'm most familiar with and I work with very closely. And here again is just for us to remember that while I'm giving you examples in the next few slides about buildings and construction these examples equally apply but obviously not to the same extent in the food sector as well as in the textile sector. So firstly let's remember that in the early 20th century our material use was an eighth less of what it has been in 2005. So there's been a rapid, rapid, rapid increase in materials use. At the same time our population has grown. So from what it was in 1900 to what the population is is in 2005 has grown fourfold and is expected to continue to increase till 2050. And when you look at the materials used from a buildings and construction perspective that has largely been in you know not just in the materials used for construction but also we need to start thinking about ongoing operation of buildings. So this is again the tourism sector is pretty important because you want to enjoy the comforts of a good hotel room or a good space when you are on holidays and that has grown 34 times. Let's also remember that when you're talking for instance again of the tourism sector that is in effect also part of the construction industry because it provides jobs. There's an associated supply chain that needs to be taken into consideration. So I'm not going to go through all the details here in the slide but this is something that I like to tell when I talk to to students and young people like you that I'm hoping that you know it may not be my lifetime but I'm certainly hoping in your lifetime that we make sustainable building and construction practices a normal practice within the next 10 or 20 years. What is also important as I said bear in mind that I'm using examples from building and construction here but this equally applies to other sectors that we have a lot of waste. So normally buildings and construction you know you over-engineer it you have more materials that are required for the construction for especially in-city construction. So 10 to 15 percent of building materials are usually wasted. About 54 percent of materials that are demolished actually end up in in landfill and some countries only six percent is landfill. So there's a huge range in the amount that goes into landfill and landfill is something that cannot be reused again. So that's lost forever and in terms of the materials that could be extracted you know we can use about 40 percent that could be reused and recycled and also we need to think about readapting as well. So when we think about tourism we think we need to start thinking and this is again to all the three areas we need to think holistically and innovatively. So think about the built form and I gave you some stats here about thinking the built form. Think about the mobility, think about the ease of access but also think about the quality of the space. Think about the services that are used within these spaces. Think about your thermal comfort, the energy that you use. Think about the towels and the toiletry and food and other services that I use. Think about what is made on-site what is made off-site and think about how all this is done on an ongoing basis. So often you know when you're going to hotels you have these shampoo and conditional bottles that are really tiny and think about the supply chain that it takes to make something like that as opposed to something that might be you know in larger bottles that could just as equally be used. So really think about the social impacts of these not just the environmental and economic impact and then on the right hand side in the photos I want you to think away from these images of tourism into a more you know impactful meaningful engagement in the tourism sector. The second one that I'm going to very quickly talk about are textiles and here again you know as I said before it's about thinking holistically innovatively. Think about the fibers that I use and often they're composite fibers it's much much more difficult to try and separate them when something is composite and here is a here's a real problem for us if we continue to not close loops within materials that I use and keep the purity of the materials as much as possible. Often things that we wear are not a single source of fibers and so recycling this at the end of life becomes very very difficult. Think about how can we bring in more service models so an example of this is jeans where you know mud jeans for instance where you don't have to buy something you could you could you could have the advantage of wearing jeans but you you rent it you wear you wear it for a period of time and you you give it back. So think also about how you maintain some of these textiles because every time you wash something there are bits of fibers bits of microplastics that goes back into the environment and that in turn has an impact on the environment and therefore think about the use process but also think about how some of the other elements such as water or the use of specialist dyes come into the process of the production and of textiles but also think about ways in which you might be able to prolong the life of textiles. So think about materials that could potentially be used over a period of time what other things could be made out of it and just to give you a bit of stats here Australians generally buy about 30 kilograms of textiles in a year of which 23 kilograms ends up in landfill and only about seven kilograms is used and again you know depending on which part of the world you're at this is something for you to think about. And then food which binds all of us so regardless of whether you're sitting here in Australia you're sitting in India or you're sitting in Africa the impact of climate change on food is something that is going to it needs to be taken very seriously over a period of time. So think about the food mass, think about local food production, think about things that you could buy in season, you could support in season, think about the opportunities even within the built environment spaces between buildings that we used for food production, think about how you could use our rooftops, how you could use aeroponics for the production of food, think about bio-organics, think about how much of this could be composted and how much of fuel could be used from the biosolids process itself, think about the food packaging itself and I'm about to finish in about 30 seconds and also think about the aesthetics of food, so think about you know what are the different chemicals that go into the production of some of the things that we eat on a daily basis. So I think with that I'll stop and if there are any questions I'm very happy to take them and I think I'll stop sharing my screen now. Thanks. Thank you very very very comprehensive for the students professor in terms of where the students can look and what the students can can research into so perfect opportunity students for you to raise your hand and ask a question directly or type a question into the chat so please type your questions into the chat if any and Mayor I can see you there thanks for being on camera since you're on camera I want to give you the opportunity first do you have any questions that you'd like to ask perhaps around your your team's work or anything like that would you like to ask a question first yeah thank you and I will I really had a question so we're working on the food solution side of things and we are looking for sustainable construction so that we can have that incorporated in the food landmass that's happening around the problem that I face is how what area of sustainable construction like the material uses is that are there how do we make sure that so we solve the primary problem of finding a sustainable solution but the cost of building it up and the environmental impact how do we calculate that exact carbon footprint or those data that you are sharing about okay so there is there is no absolute or it's very difficult I should say to try and get to absolute values they're often very relative and I would caution against wanting to get the exact number it doesn't matter what that exact number is we know there is enough evidence to say that what we're doing currently is unsustainable for the planet you know the our production and consumption practices at the moment requires us to use about at least in Australia about four and a half hours if you're an American that's about five hours if you're an Indian that's probably around around 1.7 hours and and particularly again you know the the rising the rising power of the middle class in India so my my suggestion to you would be there are there are you know indicators that are available the international resource panel continues to develop indicators the OECD looks at indicators that often comes from within countries itself and then of course there's a life cycle assessment type of indicators but remember that there are a lot of assumptions that are built into a lot of these databases so while data is important to get that relative understanding please do not focus purely on data because you can then you know talk to the cows come home but you're not going to solve the problem thank you are there any other participants who would like to to share or ask a question or mayor this is a perfect opportunity to dive in and ask ask another one if you'd like to ask a question so when we were coming up sometimes when we were coming up with the idea so we're discussing about using clay modeling and using clay and rice husk as a building block material for storage and using that rice husk from areas that are currently polluting so farmers burning rubble so you want to incorporate that rice husk take that away from the system and put it up so that is why when we were doing some elementary research we we were not sure if while pitching it up how it would actually look at look up because there is sustainable data and we are trying to contact two agriculture universities to get some idea about the relevance of the problem but do you think there is any other material that we should think about apart from what we're doing right now that's good well firstly i think you're you're absolutely on the right track there is a lot of opportunity for biobased materials but there's also a lot of opportunity to think about indigenous knowledge and indigenous solutions remember you know thousands of years ago and i love giving this example the australians actually didn't build the the first nations australians allowed the earth to regenerate they had temporary shelters and they kept moving allowing the earth so that's that's a fantastic example of sustainability and circularity there is increasing research now being undertaken on what you mentioned about rice husks and other types of biobased materials and i think that that sort of area is very much in its infancy we don't yet have the mass scale application of some of these products we still tend to rely on timber on glass on bricks you know i mean you could argue and say that that bricks adobe are quite biosensitive but then you also need to remember that particularly in the production of bricks you lose a lot of topsoil which is ultimately you know not not a not sustainable down the track so while it is easy and again bamboo is another example there's been lots of examples of bamboo construction and bamboo you know is as strong as potentially steel or aluminium so yes it is possible but there are some issues around fire you know considering fire around you know termite resistance etc and this is where i think sometimes it becomes very difficult to bring this into mass scale because you know you use chemicals in the process as fire retardants etc so try and keep the purity of materials certainly go for byproducts of agricultural production wherever possible because that also brings to mind some of the local opportunities and creates local jobs so you're not just thinking about the environmental but you're also thinking about the social consequences at the same time and that is really important you don't i mean the whole whole you know principle by which circular economy and sustainability risk is to try and use local as much as possible and that does include local jobs as well and don't forget the design yeah thinking about thinking about bringing in that that a place-based or context-based response to the design as well so based on the climate based on the you know the prevailing winds based on the scale you know whether that is that is at a at a much smaller scale rather than having you know multi-story buildings and construction i've got a sign that we're leaving in about 40 50 seconds that's correct yeah okay so any quick questions uh before we we head out of this breakout room we seem to have quite a few people but not many questions hmm that's right um may or was that very helpful for you it was extremely helpful i just um saw a lot of folks outstanding and for everyone else just type in the chat yes if this was helpful for you as well just type in the chat yes so that we can see that some people are there we might not because we're about to close yes ishika says yes fantastic i'm going to stop the recording now and thank you so much usha no worries good
