Hi, I'm Aaron Ngan, and I'm a presenter for the Joondalup Innovation Challenge as part of the franked.io team. Franked.io and the city of Joondalup are the co-creators of the Joondalup Innovation Challenge or JIC. The Joondalup Innovation Challenge is a two-week innovation challenge that looks something like a startup weekend and a TEDx summit. High energy, fast moving, and where you get to make a real difference to the world in which you live. As a participant, you get the opportunity to work with students from different organizations studying different things to you, from fields like IT, law, cybersecurity, business, education, marketing, engineering, and so much more. You can participate virtually from anywhere in the world, or you can choose to attend in person if you are in the Perth area. You and your team will solve real world challenges and issues around cybersecurity, digital economy, tourism, and the future of work so that you can work on making a real difference by applying the latest technology and business tools to come up with solutions that are really needed in our world today. You form lifelong friendships with your teams, and you get to make friends with people from all over the world, which is what we love to see. You don't need any assumed knowledge to participate in the course. You just need to bring your ideas, enthusiasm, and ability to work hard. The two-week program is like a mini MBA, and you graduate learning skills that employers are looking for, like innovation, communication, and team leadership, and you even get a digital credential and certificate that you can show off to your future employers. In JIC, you get to work with and hear from Western Australian business mentors, startup incubators, and TEDx-style keynote speakers. This two-week challenge will conclude with a final pitch night, where five shortlisted teams will pitch their ideas to an accomplished judging panel, which will include CEOs, politicians, and business experts, and everyone has the chance to win amazing prizes. The Joondalup Innovation Challenge is a once-in-a-lifetime learning experience, where you get to meet and work with people from Perth and the world, and you'll earn skills that employers love to see on resumes, and we do all of this while having a lot of fun. For more information, you can visit www.joondalupinnovation.com.au. I can't wait to meet you at the challenge this year. See you soon!
