But, and you can ask me in two years time, partially it's because sometimes like magic will just spit out of my mouth. And I'll like, if you ask me like, Oh, what did you say? Be like, ah, I don't know. Social enterprise, financial literacy, 11 to 14 year olds. 14 to 20, 14 to 18, actually upon, upon rethinking it. But basically, um, it's easier as well. Yeah. Yeah. It's just, it's way easier. Right. Like teaching an 11 year old about like business is a little bit hard to be honest, and I think, um, it's a little bit young, but I think 14 to 18 year old, like they're getting to that age where. They're learning what one, they might get a part-time job. They're starting to like, think a bit more actively about these things. They're getting like paychecks and stuff. Um, and so the thinking is like. Facilitator led workshops that cover a whole bunch of different topics and those topics could be, and it will depend on age group. Right. But you know, things like what is a bank account, right? Like what are the different types of bank accounts you can get all the way to things like investing and like how you actually start to think about investing. Um, like what it is, like, what's the stock market, what are the different types of investments you can make? And that's obviously a bit more sophisticated and wouldn't be as suitable for like 14 year olds, but might be more suitable for like 17, 18 year olds who are thinking, um, about what to do with like future cashflow. Right. Um, but I guess the couple of things, one, I'm not based in Australia. So it will be, you know, New York or I'm in SF. Yeah. So, okay, cool. So about five o'clock. Yeah. So like fully an SF, like don't have any intention to come back to Australia. And so that makes it a little bit hard in terms of like trying to run something out of Australia, um, without. Relevant people on the ground in Australia. Right. So I need to basically think about that and then point two is just governance. And I don't know how much experience you have with this, but if you do have any, we'd love to hear it, but not sure if I should go for like not-for-profit status or if I should just keep it like for-profit, um, and I've heard like different things from different people, but I'm just uncertain. Um, but they're sort of like the two things that are top of mind, to be honest. So for-profit or not-for-profit. Everyone back when I was setting up Jay, everyone was like, why aren't you doing this for-profit? And probably the number one reason was so that I could get access that I went not, not-for-profit was because within the JA ecosystem, um, A you had to be, and that also opened up, um, to the, the JA Worldwide, JA H-Pacific sponsors, and there was all already there. So it meant that I didn't have to start from scratch in that sense. Um, if I didn't have access to any of that, um, I would have really thought about for-profit and really thought about, okay, cool. Like what's the, what's the business case, um, for this so that it'll be sustainable now? Like, cause that's, I think, I don't think this is a challenge which you'll, you'll experience, but a lot of people create a not-for-profit thinking that they'll just get sponsors and grants and volunteers and all that sort of stuff. And that's not what default happens. You've got to work for that. You're going to put in so much effort for that. So it's not just going to automatically come and they miss the creation of the business case, that's going to actually sustain it. Yeah, I think that's a, that's a good push. Um, cause I think my default is like, and as I think about it more, it's, it's just like a default of like, oh, um, it's for a good cause. I'm passionate about it. Surely other people are going to be passionate about it. Surely people will like give up their time therefore, but I don't necessarily think that is the case. Well, until you've got them starting, then they haven't started. Yeah, exactly. Exactly. Um, okay. That's a good push. I also know that there, a lot of people choose not-for-profit because of the tax implications around it. I don't really think that matters for me to be frank in the sense that, like if it's for profit and I'm making that much money versus not-for-profit making that much money, like it's not, like, it doesn't bug me because like, ultimately I think it's not really, like, if I make a hundred bucks out of this, that's fine. Like, as in, I don't care if it's like a hundred bucks or like 10,000 bucks, like it doesn't really matter. It's, it sounds like you'll be putting most of the profit straight back into operating the business anyway, and given that you're taxed on your profits, that's not going to make much of a muchness, at least in the early stages. Yeah. All right. That makes sense. Um, do you happen to know, like, did you just evaluate the sort of for-profit versus not-for-profit by yourself? Or did you have like professional input put into it? I just don't want to make the wrong decision. That's all. Sure. Um, the answer is neither, neither of those. So I didn't do it by myself. Like I had, I had the people around me and the people that we were like, like, either people had my board, which were like, which were friends, but like one of them, Vicky Lay, she's a partner over at Artesian, um, Tom Hunt, uh, did the program with me as, as my mentee back in 2009. Um, so, so there, so I, and, and the person like Jeremy, Jeremy Little as well was, um, he was on board to, to be our chair, um, was probably was for a bit. But, um, that's, so, so we had, I had advisors, um, definitely had advisors. And, and that's what I'd recommend as well. Now you, given back then, I didn't really have that same access to, I didn't really have the access to what I would call like people who'd be able to professionally have a look at it, like I said, that's what they do for a living sort of thing. Yeah. So given, given where you're at, you might actually have access to that without too much effort, if that makes sense. Yeah. Yeah. Yeah. I agree. I'll, I'll see if I can tap anyone. I just wasn't sure if, um, there was like anyone. Um, yeah, I, I'd recommend, UTS has got an excellent, um, like probably industry leading, definitely in New South Wales. I think maybe top two or three in Australia in terms of social impact and not-for-profit management courses. So there are a lot of people in that space who are kind of like at the, at the cutting edge of it. Um, so you could tap into that for sure. Reach out to the business school, uh, and do that. Um, yeah, that's helpful. Love that. Yeah. Uh, same, same thing as well with advisors. I'd be like, have a look at who you could bring on as, as advisors, um, to bounce the ideas off and you could start off like super simple, look like, Hey, this is, this is the thing, like I want to bring together a group of people for a set amount of time, call it four to six months and just get your input and thoughts about it, like let's meet, um, let's meet once a month for six months. And then like, as, as we go through, then look like I'd be looking to bring you on like in a, in a more formal capacity on the board of advisors, uh, and in some cases, um, where, where appropriate, the board of directors, if you don't depend, that depends, if you're doing, if you're doing a not-for-profit, you do have to have directors, if you're doing it private, you don't have to do that. Um, probably just be yourself or it'll probably be who, depending on, depending on your situation, given you that you're overseas, um, I don't know what the technicalities of that, you might be able to still be the director. I don't know, but yeah, I'll need to look stuff to work out. Yeah, exactly. Um, yeah, I agree. I have been tapping into like a couple of more senior people who have been like at universities and stuff like in the education sector to bounce ideas. And at least like at a prelim level, like not bringing them together, obviously into like a formal setting, but more so like one-on-one conversations that I've had, they, they like the idea. Um, cause a lot of them are like, it, this is sort of like, it takes away the micro learning that a lot of like us tend to do. Like when, for example, we need to do taxes, right. We'll micro learn how to do taxes in like, in that instance, whereas this is sort of, I remember my first invoice that I sent, I was like, how do I fucking send an invoice? Yeah. Like how do I write an invoice sort of thing and like send it through? Exactly. Um, okay. That is super helpful. And then in terms of like, just, do you have any people in your network, um, that might be interested or like, if you've heard of anyone, like, you know, mention I know that's like a very broad ask. Um, but basically looking for just anyone who's actually like willing to contribute it, like, it doesn't matter if it's like an hour or a week sort of thing, it's just like hands-on, like people to review content, um, people to like, you know, bounce an idea off here and there. Um, if there's anyone in your networks, I feel like you're probably one of the well-networked people I know. Thank you. Yeah. Um, almost certainly, definitely at the, um, university student level. Yeah. Yes. Yeah. I think that's what I would be aiming for. Cause I just think like, like people who, who are working now, like you and I, we just have much, like, we, we just don't have as much time it's limited in a given day and you know, if you're working till like 7pm, the last thing on your mind is like, I'm going to come back and do this. Like, I think Austin, it's, I'm going to, you know, go to dinner. Or grab a glass of wine or anything, but anything, but more work. Yep. Yep. I get it. I get it. Um, yeah, no, there'd be, there'd be a couple of people and straight away. What I would suggest is if you can put together, uh, and I know I can, I'm happy to reach out to a handful of people and see if like, they'd be keen to find out more about it. Um, cause what I would suggest is like, you've got exponential benefits if you get two or three people on to start with, cause then now they're a mini team. Yeah. And they can bounce ideas around and, and there's a bit more accountability having just one person, especially if it's, especially if the commitment's so low, like one hour a week. Um, that's going to just kind of slip through the cracks for them. And then you will have like one or two weeks of like, Oh, I didn't have time. I've got assignments. Oh, I didn't have time. And then you'd be like, well, nothing's been done for a month. Yep. Yep. I like that advice. So, so I think having, having, um, having a small group, um, I'd say more than four at the start is too many, but two to three is probably a good sweet spot. Um, and, and really, um, I guess, and it sounds like this is along the lines of what you're, you're thinking, like really giving them the opportunity to get involved in shaping what it's going to look like. Right. Because that's, that's important at a fundamental human level. We want to, we want to know that we are able to make a meaningful contribution to anything that we're doing. Yeah. Um, so I think this is an opportunity for that. Yep. Yeah. And I guess like, so it is very early stage, right? Like this is like a four week old idea max at this point. At this point. And so, um, well, four weeks old, but you've been taking action, right? You've had a number of meetings with people at university level. You've reached out to myself. You've, you've done a bunch of stuff. You've done a bunch of looking. So yeah. Yeah. Four weeks. Um, the one thing though is like, so I think shaping the, shaping the, um, like for a uni student, right. If I think about it, shaping the, um, like where I might go is definitely something that, that can occur, but I guess shaping the content is another big thing and I don't know if it, because I'm getting industry people to vet this stuff, um, just given connections in the industry, right? Like it just makes more sense. Right. To actually go get someone to vet the credit and like, you know, the credit card module as an example. So uni students would probably play less of a role there. Do you think that that will be a big deal? Because I just feel like the content is such a big part of this. Right. Because like it very much is about taking this, um, and then like taking that content, um, or writing that content or whatever and presenting that content. Right. So how do I recommend sorry, you go first. You go first. Yeah. That was it. That was it. Like, how do I think through that? Yeah. So now this is going to be one of the, I mean, like curse of knowledge, right? We know what we know because we've experienced it. And the more expert you get, the more you're like, no, no, this is how it is. Um, a really powerful place to stand. It's not the truth, but it's a powerful place to stand is okay. Even though I've got all of this knowledge and experience for myself personally, what if I took the case that I've got no idea how to actually create the space for people to discover it? Because, because what, what, what I, what I'm guessing you're talking about, it's not like giving people just the information. It's actually giving people that ability to look for themselves, to explore for themselves, to actually go out and take, ultimately you want them to take the actions that are going to be the best for them and give them that support to do that, as opposed to they're going to learn a bunch of stuff. Yeah. Yeah. So I would almost think about in the, in the, as you map it out, absolutely. You want to vet it with the experts for accuracy. Um, but also don't hold too tightly based on, on what they say as to how people should learn it or discover it. Unless, unless they've got like extensive experience kind of working with 14 to 18 year olds, in which case, okay, go for it. But most of them, most of them won't. Exactly. And like, I'm super open, right? Like, I think one of the big things as I'm like writing this content and like, I know you have a lot of experience working with like uni students and stuff like that, it's like the sort of integrated exercise type thing of like, how do you actually, like, cause I was writing it and I was like, fuck, is this sort of boring? Like if I were a high school student, like, like, and someone was like, this is what an everyday account is. I'd be like, all right, like, give me my laptop sort of thing. I don't give a shit about this. Right. But it's like, how do you keep them like engaged throughout it? I don't know what the answer is. I've never like really facilitated. I've never really, um, you know, like I've never really dealt with like children per se at like that sort of level. And so I will definitely need to tap into like someone like you. And also I think uni students, like a lot of them love to facilitate a lot of them, like the tutors and stuff like that. I think that is sort of like a big area where they can contribute of like, how do you make this content real life? Like, how do you make it like fun and engaging for a kid that's 14? Yeah. And I think, I think the, the uni students are gonna be probably a really great sort of first testing ground for the content. So yes, they're not in the target audience. Right. So they're not, they're a bit older, but given the, given the state of, um, given the state of financial literacy education in Australia, like there's going to be a bunch of stuff, which they'll be like, Oh, I didn't know this. Good. Yeah. So anytime that you can kind of validate that it's kind of just like a, think of it like a five-year lag indicator, like where, of what they didn't learn when they were in high school. So that will still give you something valuable, right? Because anything which they don't know is also a gap for them, at least for them earlier on. So you have to extrapolate that. Okay, cool. Like it's reasonable to assume that some form of gaps still exist, right? Cause there's not like a dramatic shift. So, so I would, I would actually validate the accuracy, but then kind of ask the uni students, Hey, what are the questions that you have about this? How does the, in fact, like, that's going to be really powerful because now for the 14 to 18 year olds, especially the 18 year olds and 17 year olds, you have 11, you're 12. They're like switched on. Like they'll, they're going to resonate with how do I deal with this when I'm in university? Yes. And I'm really clear that I've got no idea. Now the university students are almost a bit too close to it. They're kind of in the, like the kind of either they're paddling along or they're out to sea. They don't really know, but they also don't really know that they don't really know because they're just busy with university and just everything, right? So there's a massive dump when you're in university, just everything club society. So you don't think about it as much, so you're not aware as much, whereas the high school students, it'll be keenly aware of what they don't know. Yeah. Cause they don't have that going on. Yeah, that's right. Yeah, that makes sense. That is helpful advice and very useful. And then I guess in terms of how, because like, so I'm just thinking like distribution channels, right? Like going school to school is like a very long game and your penetration is going to be so slim and each school is going to just take so long, right? Like if you, if you're like. I wouldn't recommend it. Yeah. Not, not if you're not, if you're not, if you don't have someone on the ground, whose job is literally to call up school, set things up and make things happen. So then like, I mean, you've been in like basically the education space, like you're like, you're so like keenly clued into what happens at unis and stuff. Like, what do you think the best path is then through distribution, like for distribution, right? If it's not going. Yeah, I would, I would, um, I would think about it at a program level to start off with. Okay. And what I mean by that is, okay, what is this, what does the program look like? That's going to get people to the basic foundations of where you want to get them to and be really clear. Okay, cool. Like this program is, is to fulfill on X, Y, Z for students. So 14 to 18 year old students do this program and they walk out of this program with an appreciation of what's going on. They're set up to actually do that. In many cases, they've looked at their own finances. They've looked at the household finances and they're clear on where are things getting spent here. And they've had to think about, like they've actually drafted a budget for the first year out of university, out of high school. Um, or if they're already making money, they've made a budget for where they are now. So they've walked out actually discovering that, right? Because stuff like this, we, we all get forced to confront it at some point. And for some of us, it's like, fuck, okay. I want to move out. What do I need? Fuck. Like, how do I do that? I've never had to actually like when, when, whenever we elevate something, okay, cool. I've got this job now. I've got all this cash coming in. Why do I not have any money at the end of the fortnight? Maybe, am I blowing it all on booze and, and nights out? Yeah, maybe, maybe, maybe, maybe. I don't, I mean, I don't know anyone who's like that, but yeah, yeah. You get like, but like when, then you get to confront it, like, okay, cool. Life is great, but am I actually fulfilling on what I'm actually out to fulfill on? And some people that's really clear, some people it's not, but there's the opportunity in this program to give people a sense of that. Yeah. But I guess it's still, I looped back to sort of the initial question of like, how do you penetrate schools then if you don't go school by school? Sure. So what I would, what I would, and this is, this is something which I'm thinking about as well, because I'm Jay at the moment inactive, but looking to bring it back for next year. Yeah. So one of the things I'm looking at is, okay, how do I create a program that that my job is now to fill that program from wherever people come from. So I might promote it to schools, but I'm not going to have it be, and then just kind of go out, spread the word, get involved. And then for the first two or three programs, you're like, okay, I want to get like 50 people in this program. Yeah. Maybe even less, maybe even 15 or 20, but each time, and then the word of mouth, word of mouth, and you start to build it that way. So actually start, start really achievable because if you don't, yeah. And then you can set the goal. Okay. In a year and a half, what's that mega launch going to look like once you've actually taken the time and discovered it right now, doing it small first also takes off a bit of the pressure of how do I get this massive thing going and how do I get it perfect? How do I not stuff it up? Like if you started a bit smaller, you've got to be to that space. Okay. That is helpful. I didn't think about it from a program point of view, because I guess like the thing that I was thinking was like, if you can get, I mean, I think Jay's slightly different as I think about it, but like, because it's like a 14 year old, right. If you create a program as an example, and it's like a 14 year old program or like a 14, 15 year old program, right. You're nine slash 10. It feels hard to like, it feels hard to reach that audience necessarily. Like for, for someone like me, who's like out of the loop, like not a parent yet, don't really have friends who are parents. And so I didn't think about it from a program point of view. And I directly thought about it from a, um, from a go to school point of view, because I think like in my mind, I was like, oh, actually that's easier because I can just talk to the, like, you know, I could go back to Sydney girls and talk to the principal there or something like that. But yeah, I see your point with the program. And it doesn't discount any of that, right. Cause you could totally do that and you could go and like develop a, a short sort of 30 minute presentation, which gives people some value, lets people experience it and then signs up for the program. So they still get value both ways. Yeah. It's like here, like, this is the pilot. If this cohort of like 40 kids likes it, we can do it for the, like, we can do two more sessions with, uh, like 40 and 40. Cause like there's 120 in the grade. Right. Yeah. Okay. Yeah. That is helpful thinking. Um, it's more technically actually like a program, so yeah, I like it. I like it. It's like a pilot. Here's the thing as well. As you start to map out what you want to accomplish or specifically what intentions you, you want to fulfill for the students, like that's going to be powerful to, to have a look. Okay. I want students walking out of my programs, begin with that end point. I want students walking out of the program, boom, boom, achieving this, this, this, this, this, or knowing about this, this, this, or what do you want them to be able to do? What do you want them to be able to experience? What do you want them to be able to be at? So have a bit of a brainstorm. Now that's just going to be an initial brainstorm because until you actually test and validate that with your audience, you actually don't know. If that's what they want. Yeah. But in the absence of the access to that, start where you start, where you are. So don't stress about that. You don't have access to that. Yeah. And the university students are going to have their own version of that, which is going to be useful because here's one of the cool things about this. If you target the 14 to 15, 14 to 18 market, after four or five years, you've now got the experience and you've got the, the market to reach them again when they're in university, because they've just kind of grown up with you. Yeah. Yeah. I like that. Um, I like in all our, all our high school programs, they're now in university now and they're like killing it. And so I've got direct access to that anytime I need. Not that I make the most of it yet, but like, that's something which I'm aware of, like that work isn't, isn't wasted. Yeah. Yeah. I agree. I agree. Um, any, any sort of like last tips for me, like as I pursue this, any like trap doors that you experienced that you can offer words of wisdom on? Yeah. Don't worry about getting it perfect. Yeah. Yeah. Anytime. Cause like that, that's going to come up like a hundred times a week or at least every time you think about it, like, am I going to stop this up? Am I going to get this right? I'm going to get it perfect. All right. So just, if that happens, just notice it. Okay, hold on. I'm trying to get it perfect. And you can actually sit inside of, okay, hold on. I actually don't know. I actually don't even know what's perfect. In fact, no one out there knows what's perfect. Yeah. Yeah. So we're all discovering this. So sit, sit inside of that and standing from there go, okay, what could I, what questions do I need to ask or what things do I need to find out so that I can look for that next step? So any places where you're stuck, that's kind of go, okay, what don't I know? I'm just going to be like, write down 10 things. You don't know 10 things. I'm stuck on 10 things. I like that, like that. That makes sense. Yeah. That makes sense. And the other thing is like, keep on being in communication with, with people who are, who you want to support you. So, so that's something which I'm like, I'm, I'm happy to vote. This is like right in my space. So I, I'm happy to support in whatever way, eventually, like if it's appropriate, like some kind of like happy to be one of the advisors or whatever like that. But even without that, just happy to just kind of be regularly check in once every couple of weeks, I'd say weekly is too frequent, but probably anywhere from two to three weeks is probably about perfect just to bounce ideas on so that you're holding yourself accountable to a couple of people. Who are able to contribute. Yeah, exactly. You go, Hey, this is what I've done. What do you reckon? Good. Boom, boom, boom, boom, boom. Yeah. Like that. That is helpful. Oh. And then one last question actually I had was obviously like even piloting some of these in schools and piloting the program, I'm actually not going to be on the ground for any of that. Right. And so I guess, yeah, but yeah, but also like have, have a, have a, like actually sit with it. Okay. What would it look like to not include that? I don't know if that's going to be the right answer by the way, but have a look at what it would actually take. Just explore it. And start by setting out really clearly for yourself. Okay. What's my first draft of my intention of this program for the participants. And then from there you can actually have the space to brainstorm. Okay. One of them might be physical in-person workshops and then, okay. What else could I do? What else could we give them? What else could they take on? Or what would they have to actually act on? And then brainstorm from there. So I would say don't get too hung up on that just yet because you don't know. And it's a, I'd say it's as much of it, as much as it's a challenge, cause it is, it's also an advantage, right? Because you're default thinking different. Yeah. In fact, because you can't, you can't think default actually it's, it's because you want to do, you're in the same frame. Yeah. The alternate is like basically find a co-founder type person who will be in person with like in-person facilitators. Right. Um, if, if the whole, um, virtual doesn't work out, I just feel like people are moving away from virtual again. Um, like that's my, don't think of it as virtual versus in-person think about what do they need to do to fulfill on what I'm committed that they get, what do they need to actually, what actions will they need to take just like you said yourself? Right. Okay. How do I do my tax return? Like what are the actions required to actually discover how to do a tax return? One thing is do a tax return. Yeah. Now they might not be in a position to do that, but okay. How could you get as close as possible to giving them that experience? Yeah. And then actually in-person or online actually starts to matter a bit less. Yeah. Cause you're focused on what's actually important. What's actually going to make the difference. Otherwise it's like, otherwise it becomes about delivering classes. Or comes becomes about delivering online workshops as opposed to fulfilling what's really possible for the participants. Yep. Yep. Yep. Cool. Okay. That makes a lot of sense. Lots of food for thought. Thank you. That was super helpful. I'll, um, I'll have a think about it. Ping you again, probably in like three weeks or so time. Oh, I'll send you a booking link as well. And we can always back and forth on messenger or whatever. Yeah, exactly. But anytime, anytime that you want to use this, you can just book something straight in. Sweet. Uh, awesome. Thank you so much. Yeah. Can you send it to me on Facebook? Thank you. Appreciate it. Have a good, where are you flying to? New York. Nice. Nice. Yeah. It'll be fun. Um, yeah, I'm going to go see my brother. So cool. I will see you in a couple of weeks then. Thank you so much. Have a great week. Appreciate it.
