Great, so we're now recording. So the first call that you'll do with most customers is called the Registration Fulfillment Call. This call is our first opportunity after registration to empower and cause the fulfillment of what each participant is creating for his or herself out of participating in their course or program. Because this is our first call, it will create a lasting impression for what to expect and look forward to when they interact with Landmark. And we intend nothing less than an extraordinary customer experience on this call. Okay, so I'm going to read through the document, which is the clearing document, just the first bit. So if you can read along with me, that would be fantastic. And that's the clearing document, which says Clearing Notes for the Registration Fulfillment Call for the Landmark Forum. So we're just going to have a look at the first, and I'll share it on my screen as well. So everyone. That's not on our email, right? Ah, yes, yes, it is. It'll be the clearing document. I didn't get that one. I've shared it. I didn't either. Oh, okay. My apologies. I'll send that through separately. But can you see it on the screen that I'm sharing? Yes. Yes. Wonderful. So we will go through the first little bit, Ground of Being and the Opportunity Call. So the intention of the call, which is the Registration Fulfillment Call, to empower and enable the customers in fulfilling on those matters that are of interest or importance to them, to leave the customer prepared and empowered for each step between now and completing their course. Ground of Being. This is a fulfillment call designed to provide value for the participants of the Landmark Forum and elevate the possibility of the Landmark Forum in their lives, starting on this call. You are on this call to be of service, to listen for and reliably deliver that which will make a real difference in what each participant really cares about. You are friendly, gracious, professional, and highly capable. This call will take being grounded in the intention of the call, the script, and then letting go of our agenda so that you can listen to the customer and recreate what matters to them. Opportunity of this call. Having each customer have an enhanced experience of value. Each customer having an expanded sense of the scope and magnitude of results available for their lives and what is important to them. Providing a generous listening for each customer to be in communication about anything regarding their participation. They might be excited, they might be second guessing their choice, maybe they have a concern for babysitting or time off from work, etc. If they have any concern for their participation, this is your opportunity to simply recreate any concerns they may have and work them out inside of what is important to them and the opportunity of the Landmark Forum until they are empowered for each step between now and completing their course. Okay, so I'm now going to mock a registration for fulfillment call with a team member, so that's going to be one of you. So who would like to participate in the mock? I'll do it. Okay, great. Thanks, Sha. And Sha, just be yourself, be how you were for your form. Did I do your registration for fulfillment call? Yes, you did. Yes, you did. Ah, yes. Okay, so it'll be just like that. And Carol, feel free to read along or feel free to just kind of be with the conversation as we go. Okay. So I'm going to pull up the script. Okay. So, and it's up to you, Sha, whether you like, obviously, we're practicing the course, so you wouldn't see each other. So in fact, if you prefer to be off camera, you're welcome to, if you're happy to be on camera, that's fine too. I'm not too fast. But I will be kind of reading through bits and pieces in there, so I won't be giving the same eye contact that I would if I were doing a Zoom call, if that makes sense. Okay, great. So, ring, ring, ring, ring. Hello. Hello. Hello. My name's Aaron. I'm calling from Landmark. Can I speak with Sha? Yes, speaking. What's this about? Ah, hi, Sha. I'm calling about your upcoming Landmark forum, which starts on the 13th of May. Do you have a moment to speak with me? In a moment. Okay. Okay. Okay. Okay. Okay. Okay. Okay. Okay. How long is it going to take? Because I don't have much time. Yeah, no worries. I got that. It'll take about 10 to 15 minutes. Okay. Fantastic. Thank you. Thank you. And first, I want to ask, how are you today? Yeah, I'm good. Just having a really busy day. I got it. I got it. Lots of work on? Yeah, yeah. It's just crazy. Okay, I got it. Okay, great. Well, look, I'm really busy. I'm really busy. I'm really busy. I'm really busy. I'm really busy. I'm really busy. I'm really busy. I'm really busy. I'm really busy. I'm really busy. I'm really clear that this course is going to be valuable and I'm going to make sure that it's going to be a fantastic for you. How does that sound? Sounds good. Wonderful. Thank you. Well, look, I want to start off by congratulating you on registering in the Landmark Forum. And I want to let you know that this course is specifically designed to bring about positive and permanent shifts in the quality of your life that really expand and unfold over time. And, you know, we find that taking the time to clarify what's important to you and even expanding on other areas of your life that you might not have considered before now provides added value and more focus starting now and in your course. So really, it's designed to provide you with what you need to get the maximum benefit from the Landmark Forum. So first, and just a note, I'm skipping this because I've already told you it takes about 15 minutes. So first, I want to ask, what do you really want to accomplish or what did you want to get out of your forum? And look, it might be something that you identified when you registered or when you attended an introduction, but what do you really want to accomplish out of your forum? Yeah, I really don't know much about this forum, so I'm not sure, but, you know, I'm just feeling a bit stuck, so I'm hoping it's going to help me get out of the rut. They talked about creating this life of possibilities, I don't really know what that means, but I'm being open. But I'm being open. Okay, great. Yeah, so I hear that there's a bit of stuckness, there's this idea of like, what is this, what is this possibilities, world of possibilities thing? And I get that you're open to it, so thank you. And if we explore that a little bit, is the getting stuck, is the being stuck something that you'd love to go to work on in your forum? Yeah, absolutely. Okay, great. Well, that's a perfect place to start. So say a bit more about that, like, what's the area that you're stuck in, what does that look like at the moment? Sure, you know, I used to be really motivated and driven, and then lately, just with so much going on, just, you know, with the lockdowns and just everything, I just feel stuck. Life's changed, the way we do business is different. And I'm just, I just feel like I'm stuck in the rut, and I need to reinvent myself, but I don't know where to go, what to do, and it feels slightly overwhelming, just everything feels overwhelming. So I'm hoping this is going to give me some kind of clarity, you know, no one really explains properly what the forum is, so I don't even know what to expect, everyone's being so secretive about it. I got it. I said that to you when you called me, in real life. Yeah, yeah, yeah, I got it. Well, look, I'll tell you a little bit more about the forum, and look, I'm also happy to answer any questions that you have, I'm not going to avoid any of them, I'll tell you the answer to any of the questions that you've got. But I want to say, like, I really get what you're saying about, that there's lots of things going on, the feeling stuck. And then there's things happening, there's things happening, there's things happening, you mentioned being in a bit of a rut, and I really get the world of, okay, like, after all of that, there's this just sense of, it's quite overwhelming. Yeah, absolutely, absolutely, and it's something that helped me, I'm open to, yeah, giving it some time, and I'm really hoping to get a lot out of this, so let's see. Great. And you mentioned the word clarity as well. Yes. Yeah, and if you have that, and what area of life is this, is this with your family, with work, or like, what sort of? I guess more with the business, and just me personally, just feeling stuck overall, you know, just in being motivated and creating goals, what I want. Just lost that mojo, if you want to call it that, for the moment, and I really want to find it that, because this is not me. Yep, yeah, and I can hear a little bit of almost frustration, because you know that you've been that like, mojo, let's go sort of person, and now this is not that. Okay, great. Well, firstly, this is a perfect thing to explore in your landmark form and really go to work on, right, because like, I want to ask, like, if you had that clarity in the area of your work and your business, sorry, and your personal life, like, what would that be like for you? What would be available? You know, because I've been fighting so hard to find that again, I think it would just be quite life changing for me, even if I get a small amount of clarity, because I really want change. I just really want to get back on that wagon and just get going again. So yeah, it would be quite significant, actually. Perfect. Okay, perfect. And look, like, I'll tell you a bit about the forum, right, like, in the forum, like, you will powerfully discover those constraints, those walls, those barriers to who we're being, right? And at the moment, you could almost say that one of the ways that you're being at the moment is being stuck. And when I say being, it's not like you chose to be stuck, it's just kind of how you're being, right? It's not like you intentionally ended up there. And you'll get to distinguish these barriers in a way that you're able to disappear these barriers completely. And that will leave you with the full possibility of being for human beings, and you'll walk out of the forum into a new world, completely free to be and completely free to act. And where those obligations and burdens of life have disappeared, and this is it, and there's just that freedom there. And like you mentioned, like, wanting to know a little bit about how it works, right? 

So essentially, the forum's a series of conversations, and just, Carol, if you're following along, I'm going down to the very, very bottom where it's possible answers to questions about what the Landmark Forum's like. Like how I could describe it is it's a series of guided conversations, and the leader who's leading these conversations really invites you to and guides you through exploring and distinguishing different parts of your life shot. And you get to look at it from the specific ways, and you start to be able to see, okay, well, this is the way that I've been doing things, this is the way I've been looking at things. And as you start, and that's just a really like surface level view, but as you go through, and as you start to see things for yourself, you'll really have the opportunity to get super, super clear, okay, wow, yeah, this is part of how I wound up being. And, oh, okay, like, as you do that, like, I could tell you and explain it, but you'll really discover it in the forum, like, once you get clear on that, you now have, you get to have a choice. And it's now something which doesn't have to be the automatic way that your life goes. So essentially, you get to kind of notice, okay, here's where life has been automatic, as a reaction, and you get to go, okay, well, what do I want it to be about? So when we say a world of possibilities, we really mean that you get to disappear those barriers. And then now you've got this space, right, you've got this space, and you can start to create anything. And we really give you the opportunity to and the space to and the coaching to go and create those possibilities for yourself, including potentially the possibility of being clear about what's happening next. How's that sound? Yes. It sounds good. It sounds good. I really appreciate you explaining that to me, because it gives me a little bit of insight. Everything you say just sounds quite incredible. I just don't know how that's gonna happen. But you know what, I'm interested to find out and even if, yeah, I'm interested to find out more. And if we can do that, that would be so great for me. Perfect. And you know, like, being in that sort of curious, I'm not quite sure how it's going to work. Like, I want to let you know that that's perfectly normal. It's nothing, nothing wrong with that at all. How you walk into the forum is perfectly, perfectly fine. And you know what else is some some great news, Shar? What? So the great news is that people often come into the forum wanting like a couple of things. And they often come out getting a whole bunch more that they weren't even expecting or planning. So I'm actually going to read out a list of a range of different other areas of your life so that you can see, okay, hold on. Maybe there might be some other areas of your life that you might want to have the landmark forum impact. Okay? Okay. Perfect. So great. So have a look for your life, like, would these make a difference for you? So firstly, greater overall productivity, greater confidence, stronger relationships and communication with family and friends, more fulfilling work, career, better health, well-being, vitality, improved finances and wealth, more intimate relationships and greater romance in your life, greater happiness, satisfaction, self-expression, tackling concerns such as procrastination, fears that stop you, regrets, self-doubt, and being a leader within a community, organization or other social concerns. So are there any additional results that you now see from these things that you'd like to use the landmark forum to impact? You know, you got me thinking. You got me thinking because these are all, I mean, obviously a lot of things to work on in so many different areas of my life. But you know, you have me thinking about other things now. I'll definitely spend a bit more time to think about those between now and the forum. So I think it'd be great to work on so many parts of my life. Yeah. Yeah, absolutely. Thank you. I appreciate that. Yeah, you're welcome. And like, this is part of the magic, right? Like now that you've, as you continue to explore it, and as you continue to ask, like, I mean, this is a question you can use to guide that process, which is like, okay, what else do I want for my life out of my participation form? What else? And you don't have to get stuck with the first answer or even any of the answers. You can continue to ask yourself, hey, what else? What else do I want? Just like, just get curious about it. So that sounds perfect. Now, shall we say that your forum begins when you register, okay? And it's part of the nature of commitment. Like when someone goes from being in a relationship to getting engaged, it's not just a nice idea or a good idea. It's actually something that you're committed to right now. Even though the wedding might not have happened, the moment you get engaged, that's that future that you're living into. So even though your forum isn't until May, it's actually started now because of your commitment. And now that you've engaged with these important areas of your life, and as you're going to continue to engage with these other areas of your life that we've just talked about, you might actually find that you've got new insights and results in these areas, or you might also find yourself being more aware of your limitations and what is missing in these areas. And all of this is a natural part of being in the landmark forum. So between now and the 13th of May, we're available for questions, coaching, anything else that you might need because it's important to us that you accomplish everything that you intend to accomplish and beyond. Now our records show that you have not yet completed the required information form online. And this is a simple process that's intended only to take a few minutes to complete. Do you have any questions about that at all? I didn't get any email, did I? Was I supposed to fill something up? Yep. So it's pretty simple. It's on your first email. And I can send this link to you again. In fact, I'm going to resend the email for you just so you've got it. And it's all on your online landmark account. It's actually perfect to log in and do it there because that's also later down the track, it will tell you that that's where you get your Zoom link to join. But you don't need to worry about that for now. And when you click in, you'll be able to find a button which says, complete your information form. And it's actually perfect because we've actually just done the work to answer the question. Because the question is, what do you want to accomplish? So you've already started to explore your business, the clarity, your personal life, and you start to expand on what else that could be. So we request, if you can, that you complete this form within the next 24 hours while this is nice and fresh. Okay, so will you be able to do that? Okay, I'll look at it when I get back tonight. Perfect. Okay, perfect. Thank you so much. I actually already covered that. And also like one quick reminder, the balance of your tuition is scheduled to be auto debited on the 3rd of May. So nothing you need to do with this at this stage. But by the way, if it'd be easy for you, we're also happy to set up multiple payments if you'd like to split those up in any way. But for now, it's currently scheduled to be auto debited on the 3rd of May. I had a question. So if you want to schedule it, who do I talk to? Yep, you can call me. Is that something that you'd like to do? Just in case, because you said it's automatic now, just in case I want to change the dates. Yeah, so if at any point in time you want to adjust it, or make them like scheduled payments over that, the balance due date is the 3rd of May. But if you want to adjust it anything before that, you can give me a call. And if like either on this number or also the phone numbers on the bottom of all of our emails to you as well. Okay, perfect. You can call us at any time. No worries. Thank you, Aaron. You're welcome. Okay, so I'll highlight a couple of items about participating in your forum. So you know, people are participating from all different time zones. I see that you're in Singapore, which is the same time zone. Is that correct? Yes. Perfect. Okay, great. Now, keep in mind that all of the emails that you that you get will say the Perth time zone so you don't have to convert time zone or anything like that. Now the launching your forum evening session, that's going to start on the Wednesday, the 11th of May at 7pm and ends at 9pm. And this powerful two hour session, it's going to be led by your forum leader, and really starts your forum powerfully. It sets you up to get the most value from the course given what you're committed to for your life. So can I confirm your attendance for that session? Yeah, it's in the calendar. Fantastic. And the remaining sessions sounds like these are probably in your calendar, I'll just touch on them quickly as well. So Friday, Saturday, Sunday sessions of your forum all go from 9am and end at approximately 10pm. And there's breaks every two and a half to three hours and at least a 60 minute meal break at around about 6pm. And the final Tuesday session, the Tuesday final session starts at 7pm and completes at around 10-15pm. And you know, each session of the forum really builds on the prior session. So it's important that you participate in the entire course, and not miss any sessions or be late for the sessions. So you set up to do that all those dates are accurate in your calendar. Yes. Is there a break for lunch? So there's breaks every two and a half to three hours. So and those breaks are about 30 minutes, 40 minutes. So so there's time for like the first one will be around 12 o'clock. And then there'll be a longer one for 60 minutes at around six o'clock. Okay, perfect. No worries. Okay, so even though we participate, when we participate in something online, it can sometimes feel seems like we can multitask, shut off the camera, do a few quick things like walking the dog, or taking a quick business call, however, being present and available throughout all sessions is an important part of your participation in the forum. And it allows you to get the breakthroughs that we're promising for your life. And in order to get the result of the forum in your life, it's a requisite that you have your video on throughout the duration of the program, and you're in front of your camera for all sessions. And have you taken a look to ensure that you've got an environment that allows you to participate powerfully and not be distracted? Yeah. Yeah. Fantastic. And like, we'll be using zoom for the forum delivered online. Do you have any questions about using zoom at all? No, not at all. I use it all the time. Perfect. Okay, great. And we do recommend an internet speed of no less than three megabits per second. And from what I remember... Sorry, if I have a problem with zoom, what would you say? Go for it. Okay. I don't know what zoom is. Can I use my phone? Yeah, perfect. Okay. So zoom. So we, so if in terms of can you use your phone, we do recommend it on a laptop or a tablet. Do you have one of those at all? Yes, I do. Fantastic. Okay. So what I'll do actually is I'm going to send you a couple of links, which tell you all about zoom, which will explain zoom for you. So that way you can go and install it on your camera. There's even a site, a part of it, which you can go to actually test whether your video and camera work. And, and you know, like we do say that you're available to call, you're able to call us at any point in time. So if that doesn't work, and if no one around knows what to do to support you, you can give us a call and I'll support you in setting that up so that you're good to go. How's that sound? Okay. I'm going to try it later today, just to be sure. Perfect. No worries. Okay, great. Now, also like you receive periodic emails every three to four weeks that we encourage you to read as they engage you with the areas of your life that are important to you and your course. And in fact, like one of those emails will actually have all of those different things that I listed out earlier in the call. So, so we encourage you to read those. And I'll just confirm your email address. I'll confirm your email address is charsindhu at hotmail.com. Is that correct? Yes. I had that handy. Good job. Perfect. Now, also two to three weeks prior to your course, we'll give you a call and we'll have a brief one-on-one conversation just to revisit what you want to accomplish, answer any questions. And also you're welcome to go through the logistics of logging in, jumping on via Zoom. We'll tell you how to do all that closer to the date, so it's nice and fresh. And we'll also revisit what you want to accomplish just so that, again, that's nice and fresh and that may have expanded since then as well. And you're welcome to call us directly as well if you've got any questions or anything else that you'd like to discuss. Like I mentioned before, our telephone number is at the bottom of all our emails. It does go to a voicemail, but we do check that very frequently. So if it goes to the voicemail, just say, hey, this is Shah. I've got a question about this forum. Can you give me a call back? And we'll see that and give you a call right back. And look, like those are all the things that I wanted to cover with you. Is there anything else that I can provide you at this point or anything I can tell you about what it's like to participate in the Landmark Forum? No, nothing right now. Fantastic. Well, thank you so much for taking the time to speak with me. And we look forward to reaching out to you closer to your forum. Thank you so much, Aaron. You're welcome. And cut. So I had questions about that. Of course. So if they want to call us back, they have our number. So they're calling us or are they calling anyone in Landmark? Good, good, good. Good, good, good. So for both of you. At the start, I would recommend giving the Landmark Center's number. That way they can call up the center and do that. Now, that's up to you. If you're happy for them to call you back and this is not required, this is clearly optional. If you're happy for them to call you back. And we do have people who have been assisting for ages and they prefer that. Because then they can kind of like look after the people. You're welcome to do that as well. In fact, when I was doing it, even when I was on staff and I was doing these calls, when I started doing these calls back in May, I would dial it on the center phone. And then partway through, I was like, I'm just going to call them on mine so that they can call me back because I'm doing this anyway. It's not required. It's up to you. But you can give them the Landmark Center phone number, especially if you're leaving a voicemail. Okay. Because if I have a meeting during the week and they call me, I might not answer. Yeah. So it would be very disruptive to them, right? Or if they call you back and you see that they're that person. And look, they may call you back. And if they do call you back, you could tell them, fantastic, thank you for calling back. I'm not available right now. And you can either schedule it for when you're next assisting or you can ask them, hey, when's a time that works for you to speak? And what works is you can just text that to me or when I show you the online system as well, you can use that to put the notes in. Okay. And that way, the person who's on the next day can, oh, okay, no, this person called back and is available at these times. Okay. Because my next question was, you said you tell them that in three weeks before the event or one week before the event, you'll call them back. Would it be the same person calling back or? Not necessarily. Oh, it could be anyone. Okay. Got it. It could be anyone. Yeah. Got it. And Carol, what was that like listening to that? Pretty much, I think that's exactly what we went through when I got the call back and going through everything. So the way you delivered it was actually quite concise and flowed really, really well. So I suppose I'm looking at going through all this and thinking, hmm, I've got some things to learn. Yeah, perfect. And Shah, what was it like for you on the receiving end? You threw in some curveballs, which is nice. I like that. But what was it like as the experience just being on the other end of the call? Yeah, I mean, it just brought me back to when you were calling me. So this was just play acting, but it brought me back to then. It was good to have that call because I was distracted with life and you kind of brought me back to the fact that I was having this thing to think about it, that the future is already happening. So it kind of created a pause for me to start thinking about this thing, which was really great. And you helped me set up online because I hadn't done that. So you made me look for the email and you sat with me as I did it. You were on the phone. You're like, do you have it? Pull it out, sign up. So that's what you did with me. So because I was at my desk, I guess. So that was good because I like having help. Otherwise I forget or I always mess up. So it was awesome. Yeah, perfect. And that's it, yeah? And you answered the questions just like I did. Yeah. It felt long though. It felt really long. You normally go through these calls and people actually listen to the whole conversation. Oh, have a look. It was more or less like the call which I did with you and with Carol. No, I think you kind of summarized some stuff with me. I may have summarized some of the stuff at the start and I don't know that... I put the information form bit in there just to demonstrate it. But I think you already filled out your information form. I didn't. Oh, you hadn't actually. Okay, cool. No, no. I filled out my information but I didn't log on to my account. Oh, okay. Yep. Okay. And then you sent it to me. You asked me, do you remember what you wrote? And I go, no, I don't. I'll send it to you again. Ah, perfect. You sent it to me. Okay, great. So you had already filled it. So I wouldn't have mentioned that bit, that chunk. Yep. Yeah. It's... This was... That's a valid thing to say. Like, that's something which I felt when I first started doing these calls. And... Once you get into the world of it... So this call is designed to be generated from as opposed to necessarily said word for word the whole time. Now, in this example, I really did for almost all of it kind of stick word to word for it for the majority of it. Part of that was to discover... Part of that was to just demonstrate, hey, like, if you do it word for word, it's all about how you're being and it does work. And then the next bit will be that as we go through and we'll do a little bit of... Like, we'll do a mock or two on Friday show and Carol on Thursday to kind of deepen a little bit. Okay, cool. Like, what does this actually look like? What are each of the sections? Just to get comfortable about them. Because each section fulfills on something as well. So if you can kind of start getting... Once you've done it a few times, you're starting to get grounded and, okay, what's the intention of this call? What's the intention of this section? What am I listening for? That's when it will start to really kind of flow off. Because when I first did these calls, I was clunky. I was... I would say, like... Let me see. What would I say? Oh, there's a funny one. There's the bit which says... Like, you know, the form starts when you register. And that bit, I would also, like, always say... Not always, but it's happened more than once that I remember it. So you may find that you have new insults and results. So I would combine insights and results. I'm like, oh, yeah, look, and if that happens, it does happen, like... Be with it. Okay. So for me, I'm just like, whoops, I mixed up those two words. So insights and results. That's what I meant to say. And, like, it's not... Not the end of the world if you tell people at the start, I just want to let you... Like, by the way, I'm going to be going through a bunch of different things really to make sure that I don't miss anything and so that you get the... The best, like, everything gets covered in this course that you get the best outcome in the forum. So you can absolutely feel free to tell that to people. It's no... Like, if you've got something about that, then part of being authentic is you're just going to be open about that. And you find that most people, like, they're like, oh, OK, that's fine. All right. So I do want to give you both a chance to practice with each other. So who wants to go? And... We'll just do it here. I'll turn myself off camera so I can... So you won't get distracted by me. But who would like to... Who would like to practice first? I think we will get one practice in and we'll do the other one on your first training session. So who'd like to go? Carol, do you want to go? I was just waiting for that. OK. So the one I'm reading off, it's the Landmark Forum Delivered Online Registration for Film or Course Script. Is that the one? That's it. That's it. OK. And I'll be right here. Look, there'll be... There'll be bits where... Now, give you... I want you to, like, completely give yourself some space to just go for it. And also, this is literally your first time going through it. Yeah. So I want you to not expect to get it like perfect or be polished. And even though you've read it probably twice beforehand before this call, It's a lot to take in. There'll be... Yeah. There'll be bits which you'll get to and you'll be like Oh, I don't know like, where do I go from here? Now, if it's a bit of information that's like a blank line, for now, just kind of put in whatever you want to put in. OK. Just guess it just for now because I'll go through that in detail what all the dates and times and stuff are and I'll... We'll get that Yeah. all good by Thursday, Friday, OK? Yeah. But for now, just go for it. And if it's a point where you're like Oh, I don't know where to go through next, what's the section? Just like shout out and I'll unmute myself and I'll tell you where to go. OK. No worries. Which one are you reading now? I'm reading off... She's going to do the exact same call. Yeah. So, I'm reading off the Landmark Forum Delivered Online Registration Fulfillment Call Script. I think it was the... Delivered Online? Yeah. It's 17th of December, 21. Welcome Call Script. Yeah. Not the Welcome Call, the Registration Fulfillment Call. The Registration Fulfillment.
