All right, yeah, so it's all good. Yeah, I've been great. How's your new year been so far? Yeah, it's been full on, man. It's been full on, but it's been good. I'm enjoying it. Lots of big programs, projects this year. Yeah. Same old kind of magic happen. How about yourself? How far through your degree are you? Are you almost done? I'm done. I'm still, yeah, I am looking for jobs at the moment. Just applying for grad roles and stuff. Yeah, just the usual. Yeah, spent, well, I mean, been taking longer than I intended, but spent a bit more time on my resume and looking at interview practice and just looking for what companies I'm actually interested in and all that kind of stuff. Well, if you want to do an online resume review just with me, like, let me know. I'm happy to spend some time with you on that. And if you want to do some interview practice as well, let me know. Yeah, yeah, that'd be greatly appreciated. I mean, I think I'm feeling okay now, but I appreciate it, Alpha, and I'll definitely let you know. Yeah, so thanks. Sounds good. Sounds good. Anyway, tell me about RSC. It feels like we ran something. We ran that evening over at Western Sydney. What was that, last year? That was, yeah, that was mid last year at WSU. Yeah, that program, yeah, that didn't take off very hot, that one, that in-person program. Yeah. Good to have people show up. Yeah, I mean, I remember, like, you got them hyped up, like, really well. So, I mean, appreciate that. I know that the turnout was not what you expected. I was, like, kind of freaking out the whole week, honestly. That was, yeah, first time I've seen a program, like, flop like that, you know, under my supervision. So, that was pretty scary. But, yeah, you came in, and Sarah Gatehouse came in from Fujitsu. Yeah, you guys kind of boosted the morale of it. So, they delivered in the end. It was nice having an in-person program, at least, you know, getting to see Meebo do the activities and all that. So, yeah. Literally, every single one of them got to tear up their sheet of what they worried about, or what they were concerned about, or, like, they walked out discovering, they, hold on, I don't have to worry about that. Yeah, yeah. I think, like, you know, especially for that group, like, I think I can see that, like, they learned a lot of new things. I don't think they've, like, been to as many workshops, because I'm starting to see that, like, some people from UNSW, where the culture is different, like, they actually go to a lot of workshops, and they come to one of ours, and it's, like, it's harder to find something completely new to teach them. Yeah, like, WSU. That's why you bring me in, because most of the, no one does what I do. Yeah, I know, yeah, like, your presentation workshops, I feel like it is, like, interesting every time that there is, like, something new, a different take. Yeah. Because it's not informational, it's transformational. They have to take action in the actual session. Yeah, yeah, yeah. We're doing one tomorrow night for, along the same lines for 50 UTS young alumni, actually. So that'll be pretty phenomenal, yeah. Is it in person as well? In person, yeah. In person, wow. Right, great having you. You're welcome to come along, yeah. Yeah, I think tomorrow night, I have, like, a bunch of meetings as well. Like, we have another thing at WSU, just, like, we're doing a course with them, actually, so that's been exciting. Yeah, we have, like, a bit of an introduction. What are the big things happening with RSE these days? Yeah, I mean, we're still doing our STEM leaders program, and we're, like, doing a lot with our own team because we had, like, a big turnover, had, like, a bunch of training and stuff, just, you know, internal focus. This year, we're doing our STEM leaders program in person, like, the expo night, at least, for this first one. We have one in May, so, yeah, we're pretty much just, like, spending, most of our team is preparing for that now. We have, like, we're looking to do a mentoring program and we've had an opportunity to collaborate with a company called Transformed. Like, they have a program for graduates, basically, and we're, like, seeing how we can help create, like, a pipeline for them for, you know, talent that is, yeah, that is, like, suitable. Yeah, I mean, we still have our company showcases, like, workshops here and there, and, you know, open to running a lot of stuff, like, case comps and all that. Great. Well, you know what I do well. How can I support you guys this year? Yeah, I think, like, honestly, we've been looking at, like, what programs we want to run. Like, we've had a lot of discussion, what went well and what didn't last year. Yeah, I think, like, just I haven't really thought about, like, specifically, but, you know, I think you mentioned that you were interested in doing, like, presentations and pitching kind of training, like, program, like, last year. Yeah, like, kind of like the one you did for me and Richard and, you know, a bunch of us. Like, the workshop facilitation one or the public speaking one? Did you come to both? I think it was just workshop facilitation. Yeah, like... Yeah, yeah, that one. Yeah, I think it was... Was that 2020? That was before last year, I think. Yeah, it must have been 2020. It was early. Wow, time flies. Yeah, no, I'd love to do one of those with you guys. Yeah, totally. Yeah, like, honestly, I'm not too sure. I'm just spitballing here. But if there's anything that you are, like, keen to, you know, share with our audience, and, you know, our audience is just like your usual, like, STEM, you know, we get a lot of NG students. We're still getting a lot of, like, UNSW, but more so, more like UTS and UCED now. You know, that kind of audience is just STEM. If there's anything that you think would be, like, good, anything you're keen to do with us, I can just let my team know. Obviously, I can't say anything just with my own decision, but... How many people do you reckon come to those in-person events? Um... Because it's obviously, it's a new... Everything's starting to ease up a little bit. People are in the mood. So, I mean, like, last year's a bit of a shit year. So, I mean... Yeah, yeah. ...for not beating yourself up too much about that. Sorry. Not fair. Not fair, yeah. Well, I mean, for SLP, we're looking at getting, like, over 100 applicants and getting, like, 30... Anywhere from 30 to 50, probably, like, yeah, around 40 applicants. Yeah, Expo Night, you've been there before. I... Yeah, yeah. Yeah, I saw you in the video about, like, Expo Night once. So, we're looking to get, like, you know, the mentors, students, like, all together, maybe trying to get 100 people in for an Expo Night. Yeah, just trying to, like, build up momentum again because after the online transition, it was actually a while before, like, we pushed out more products, like, SLPs and stuff. So, yeah, like, last year, the SLPs were... I think, like, yeah, companies and stuff, like, they're seeing what we can do. They're kind of, like, old partners and new partners, they're getting to know, like, what IRC is all about. Some people, there's too much commitment, but, yeah, some, like, really like SLPs. So, I'm sure they'll be back and, yeah, hopefully, it'll be... Well, I'd love to. I'd love to run as many pitching and presenting workshops as you think would make a difference for your audience. Yeah. So, an obvious one would be to do one within the SLP, like we've done in the past. Yeah. I think that makes a lot of sense. It also... It makes a difference for your sponsors as well because if the students can pitch well, then that makes you look good, makes the sponsors happy, makes the students happy, everyone's happy. Yeah. So, that's something. And potentially even one or two of those as a one-off sort of showcase even, potentially, because I think that's one of the number one skills which STEM students really benefit from to be able to add that level and layer of communication on top of their STEM skills. Yeah. Because, like, a lot of the work goes into developing that analytical thinking, that ability to crunch those numbers, to make those calculations, to actually do the work of being in STEM because that's, like, complexity all by itself. But then, often, what's missed out on is that ability to clearly, powerfully, and persuasively communicate. Yeah. I think that's a massive opportunity as well. Yeah, I think, yeah, like, you know, the workshops are always, like, pretty powerful stuff. So, I think SLP would be a great opportunity for that. Yeah, like, I haven't talked to the person in charge of the workshops yet. We've compiled a list of contacts before. You're definitely in there. So, yeah, if you're keen and, you know, if you're free, so this will be around, like, late May. Yeah, if you're free, I'll definitely make a note for them to, like, reach out to you and see what day is probably, like, on weekend. And what about your team training and development? Because that's something which, so, I spent a lot of the last decade doing probably training, like, team building, leadership, teamwork, like, productivity training for probably over 200, 300 plus, like, society execs. Yeah. So, given that's, like, quite comparable to how you guys operate, that might be something that would make a difference for you. I mean, I actually came in and did some stuff with you guys. Was it you guys? Might have been someone else. No, it was someone else. Stephanie was there, but she was part of something else. Yeah. Yeah, like, that sort of thing, like, that sort of thing, I think, like, semi-structured around, like, two sessions. Like, one to kind of get to the heart of, okay, where do they want to go? What are the development areas that they want to get out of being part of ROC? And then the second session would be really diving in and helping them fill on that so that they're powerfully set up to go out and get done everything that they need to get done to have ROC be successful and, as a result, fulfill on what they want to accomplish as well. Because when you're looking at a team, especially a team that isn't getting paid, you guys aren't getting paid, are you? Yeah, no. Yeah, so one of the critical things is, okay, am I making a difference? And am I really taking myself forward? So there's that learning and development for the self. So if you can kind of start ticking those boxes for your team, that's going to have them put more time, more effort in, just because they want to, not because someone's cracking the whip, but not just because, oh, I said I'd do it, so I guess I've got to do it. Yeah, yeah. Yeah, no, that's great. Like, appreciate that offer. Like, I'll bring it up to the people and talent team because we're looking at, like, all of the different possibilities for training and, you know, that sounds great. Like, I see what they say to that. Like, you know, there's some other options out there. We have, like, a few people who do this kind of stuff as well, like the directors as well, to an extent. So I'll see, like, what their plans are and I'll, you know, let them know that, yeah, you're excited for this kind of stuff. Yeah, yeah, that would be probably one of the heaviest hitting things. And of course, if you want to run a, like, a workshop training. So last time we did six sessions. Yeah. If we did it again, I'd do it in, like, three or four. Yeah, yeah. I think that would be a good time frame, like, from remembering. Six, I mean, that was literally three months, right? Because we did one every fortnight. Yeah, yeah. So I think, like, four sessions with maybe, like, week, week, four nights, and then week, week. So it's over, like, five weeks or something like that. Yeah. That's a really powerful thing to be able to kind of get in the world of what does it take to actually facilitate sessions powerfully. Yeah, yeah. Yeah, I know that you're good with that kind of stuff. I'll see, like, what the team, you know, feels like they're lacking, because I've had a lot of new people on board as well. Yeah. And yeah, I would ask them, and yeah, like, let's not lock anything in, see if they actually want to do it. Because if they don't, then it's no point. Yeah. But where to ask them would be to ask them from, hey, what skills, what areas and skills do you want to take to the next level in the world of running workshops? Because if you ask them, like, oh, what do you want to improve on? Sometimes what you get is, oh, I don't need it. Because to say anything would be to admit that you're not good at running it. Rather, if you say, okay, take to the next level, everyone can go to the next level in any area that they choose. Even if you're already good at it, because some of them are already probably fine. Yeah. Okay, yeah, that makes sense. That's a good thing. Yeah. Okay, I'll tackle it like that and see how. Yeah, okay. All right, so those are the questions I have. Like, I'm keen to, especially while, so like around the second half of the year, things get pretty busy for me. May is good. So if you wanted to do some stuff early on or like within the next two, three months, like, let me know because I'd be keen to. Yeah, yeah. Yeah, I think like we'll have to see, you know, I'll check with the team's calendar. I'll see what everyone, you know, wants to really work on, you know, the goals and stuff. I'll get back to you on that. How about you? What are the things that you want to really tackle and develop for yourself? That's, yeah, like for me, I think I just need to kind of get out there. I've been kind of working on, you know, like the resume, the interview skills, the personal branding kind of stuff. I think I just need to get organized. Like I spoke to one of our directors, who's a good friend as well. And he gave me some pointers about just getting like organized in terms of like how to use a calendar and how much time and like using my time effectively for RSC. Yeah, I think like for me, I just really need to keep myself accountable to that. And I just want to prioritize like getting a grad role, like actually, yeah, putting myself out there, go for a few companies, go for backup companies, overdue, so just want to get it, like get stuff out there, I guess. Okay, cool. Cool, cool, cool, cool. Well, I've already offered, so let me know how I can support. Yeah, yeah, yeah, no, definitely. Yeah, I appreciate that. Okay, anything else that you want to ask or any other magic that you want to create? Yeah. I said, anything else that you want to ask or any magic that you want to, that you can see that we could create that you want to create? Yeah, I mean, I haven't really thought about, you know, like training, like I've been doing a bit of research and I feel like, yeah, maybe like that's something that I'll have to look into both how we want to like do it, offer to our team and what the team wants to focus on. So yeah, like, you know, we'll have to be a discussion. We'll need to have a little think about that and get back to you. Cool, cool, cool, cool. All right, when should I touch base with you again? Yeah, I think probably like in a week or so, you know, everyone's gotten the chance to, we have like an in-person org-wide meeting as well. So can, yeah, can hopefully just gauge what people are thinking and feeling this week coming up for our major projects. Sounds good. Well, I'll touch base with you in a fortnight then. Yeah, yeah, sure. That sounds good. Yeah, appreciate the catch up. All right, all right. All the best. Yeah, let us know if there's anything like you want us to help you with or, you know, whatever you want to, yeah, if you want to get involved in, obviously I'll get back to you on the stuff we talked about just then. Sure, sure. If the, I guess the things that I want to do the most on top of all of that stuff is running, like speaking and presenting workshops. So I guess bring that to the team. I'll touch base on it again in a fortnight. Yeah, sure. But there might be opportunities to go, okay, cool, we're going to run a series of them. One's going to be at UTS, one's going to be at UNSW, one's going to be at McCoy or we just do one, everyone shows up, whatever. The more of those that I do, the better. And these would be free workshops for the participants. They get some really good skills, all that sort of stuff. Yeah, okay. Yeah, that sounds amazing. I'll let my team know. We'll get back to you as well. Awesome, awesome. Okay, great, sounds good, appreciate it. Okay, great, have a good week then. We'll catch up in a fortnight. Will do, all right, bye. Thanks.
