Hey Precious, Rahul, Oliver, Ryan, Jerome, we've got some similar names from my group yesterday and we've got some new faces as well. Amar and Jagadeeshwaran, are you there? Just type in yes in the chat if you're there and you can hear us, I know it might not be possible to be on camera. Yes, I'm here but it's not possible for me to turn on the video today. That's okay, I get it, I get it. Just make sure that you're fully participating in the chat and also feel free to do what you just did and unmute anytime so you can jump in. And Jagadeeshwaran, are you there? Unsure if Jagadeeshwaran is there. Not a problem, not a problem, okay, great. So first thing I want to ask you is, you know, what are the things that you want to really accomplish out of this breakout room? So just go ahead and type in the chat or we can actually, if you want to just unmute and share it, you can do that as well. What do you really want to accomplish out of this session? I really want to smash out the business model canvas like we were doing yesterday, like ping pong back and forth, that was a really great workflow and yeah, I'm really interested in doing that again. Yeah, absolutely. Okay, great, so diving into the business model canvas, looking at it practically, seeing an example of it. We won't use your idea, Ryan, today, we'll use someone else's, but we'll definitely do that. Great. Oliver? Yeah, we did a similar thing in our group, so yeah, I guess just to continue to explore the theme and the question that we're doing and hopefully develop some good ideas for it. Perfect. Okay, great. So develop the theme, all those ideas. Yep. What about you? What do you really want to accomplish out of this Breakout Room Masterclass? I think it's just the same with everyone else, understanding the model, because I feel like some of us don't really know much about the business model canvas, so learning about it will really help. Great. Great. Okay, perfect. Jerome, and by the way, we are going to do that, so Jerome, Raul, let us know if there's anything different. Ammar as well, okay? So Jerome, go for it. Yeah, for me, it's just basically trying to iron out the details in the canvas, because for me, I'm a business student, so I sort of do understand what those components mean, but I'm just trying to get maybe a couple of ideas from you guys on how to maybe present it better in a certain way, so that I can actually express myself to the rest of the group, and what exactly do I mean by certain ideas and theories. Yeah, I like that. How can I better express myself and my ideas to the group, right? And that's really powerful for everyone, because you mightn't have great ideas, but where those ideas turn into reality or turn into something that you can deal with in reality is in that communication. Those ideas by themselves, without being communicated, are just a nice thought. That's it. They don't impact the world at all. Great, Raul. Raul? Look, I just like to work on the assumption that you can always learn something from the people that you are talking to. So I think that I just want to understand where everyone's at, and I'm sure that I'll learn something from every single person in this breakout room. Perfect. Amar, anything for you? What do you specifically want to get out of this breakout room masterclass session? Yeah, actually, I want to know in detail, you know, each of us has unique ideas, and if we brainstorm those ideas, we'll be able to come up with several ideas, and then we'll be knowing those ideas, and then we'll be able to culture from them. Okay, perfect. Okay, perfect. So, good. Great, Amar. Great. Now, for everyone, I just want you to type in, my theme is this, and the problem I am solving is this, and type that into the chat. Whatever you have is fine. Don't worry about getting it perfect or anything like that. So go ahead and type that into the chat now. Make sure you include the problem as well. The problem, my theme is this, good, and what's the problem that I'm solving? Barriers to employment for international students, okay, great. And Jerome, just do me a favor, and for everyone, just write it like this. Write it like, the problem that we've noticed is, the problem that we've noticed is, because that will just shape the phrasing a little bit better, and Amar and Raul, are you typing yours in as well? That's good. This is the opposite of TV, it's participatory. Yeah, so the problem we've identified is that international students aren't being attracted as much to educational institutions in Joondalup. Problem is, international students are having difficulties gaining employment after graduation, clear. Yep, Raul, now what's that as a problem? So at the moment, it's like, hey, the problem of bringing in new customers, who's experiencing the problem? The businesses are struggling to bring in customers, primarily in the food industry. Okay, great, write that down, so businesses in the food industry are struggling to bring in customers. So just in the wording, can you see, Raul, how that just makes it really clear? Who is it, and who's experiencing the problem? Or the problem, and then who's being impacted? Yep, so the problem we've noticed is language is a barrier for employment, as communication skill is important. Okay, great. Okay, cool. So as we go through today's session, my goal is for all of you, yeah, businesses in the food industry are struggling to bring in new customers into their business, perfect. And Amar, feel free to type in or unmute and share if you'd like as well. Okay, so I can do that while I share my screen. So let me see. So now yesterday, did everyone just type in yes, if you went through Mule? I know my group did just type in, mainly for the people who weren't with me yesterday, Oliver, Jerome, did you get introduced to Mule? Jerome's shaking his head. I told us not to. No. Okay, so this is what, look, you don't have to use this. But it is very powerful, very useful. It's just Mule.co. What I said, well, yesterday was don't open it right now, because I wanted everyone to be present. So you can absolutely use this within your teams. But I just didn't want you to open it in the actual breakout room. So you're doing your own thing. Okay, so this is Mule. I'm just going to copy the link into the Zoom chat for everyone. So you've got it later, later. And it's M-U-R-A-L, just to play in the word like, you know, like a mural on the side of a building sort of thing. So I'm just going to create a mural, going to create a brand new one, very, very simple. There's lots of these things there. And you'll notice that the business model canvas is in here. It's actually back up. Scroll past it in the right column. Scroll past it. Thank you. Let me see. Yeah, business model canvas. I was like, man, I thought it was higher. And it was. It was. Thank you. So the business model canvas is there. Very easy. Right click to put new things in. Now for today, a code, no, no, there's no code. It's free access. Everyone can create up to five murals for yourself, sharing it with each other. I think it might be a premium feature after a while, but very, very useful, this tool. Now let's see. I'm going to pick Jerome's. Is that okay, Jerome? I'm just going to pick yours. Yeah, sure. Cool. All right. So I'm just going to put the problem at the top. Let me zoom in. Bringing in new customers to the economic framework in, oh, wait, that's not it. That's Raul's. And yeah, really simple. International students having difficulties gaining employment after graduation. Okay. Now for everybody, for Precious, for Raul, Oliver, one of the things which I'd really love for you to get out of after this session is reframing, being able to really clearly define your problem statement or set another way to have your problem statement written at a new level of depth. So that it's really clear and really focused. And we'll see how that can start to come out of just a couple of those things. So we will touch based on value proposition and customer segments first, but we're also going to start quickly going into channels and then revenue and revenue streams and costs we're going to do at the end, because that kind of flows out of all of that. So when we think about this challenge, okay, I'm just going to put another one there. I'm going to make it smaller. Can I? No, it doesn't matter. Look, when we're thinking about international students, one of them is really obvious, but just shout out at me or type in the chat. What are some of the customer segments that we're really going to be looking at? And be as specific as possible. Honestly, probably employers, there's probably a lot of talent that they're, for some reason, unable to get into their companies because of employers. Yep. Yeah, I cut you off. Keep them going. That's pretty much it. They're struggling to get them in. Okay, great. Employers. Who else? Career hub within the university. Yep. So university career hub. Great. You know, that's the funniest thing. Career hub is a piece of software and universally across all the different universities that use career hub, the career services often get mistaken for career hub when it's actually the career service. Anyway, I used to work in UTS careers and people would be like, oh yeah, you work at university career hub. Yes. Yes. How can we help you? Yep. Okay, good. So employers, university, careers, services, who else? So let's have a look. The problem is international students having difficulties getting employment after graduation. Who else is involved in this? A multicultural organization. Yep. Okay. But not for profits, you know, like helping. Okay, great. Precious, how about you? What can you say? Who would be a customer in this? Or who would be involved firstly, whether or not they're a customer? Let's just put them up here for now. Who's involved? Who are Connect, Oliver? I mean, obviously the students themselves. Yeah. Thank you. Yeah. No one said it until then. So maybe it wasn't obvious, but yeah, absolutely. Well, you prefaced saying it was, that one was already obvious. Oh yeah. But no one's... You would read it. International students. Good. Okay. And, you know, as we look at these ones, we've got employers, university, different organizations. Who else is there that care about these groups, either some of them or all of them? The families of the international students that are bankrolling them to study abroad and to get employment. They probably want to see it happen. So yeah. They're probably invested. Absolutely. Yeah. Families. Yep. They're spending a lot of money. Good. Who else? I mean, the government would want more people to be employed, especially now with so many businesses looking for employees. So yeah. City of J just stands for City of Joondalup and government more broadly speaking. Yep. Anyone else? Recruitment agency. Yeah. Recruitment agencies. So that's kind of linked to employees, isn't it? Yep. Good. Who else? Professors. Yeah. Professors. Good. Who else? I've got a bunch there, right? Okay, good. What about Centrelink linked to the government? Yeah, totally. Job networks. Perfect. Okay. So you can see that, and Jerome, you can see like with very quick, some of these you would already have come up with, of course, and some of these might be new, but we've just spent three minutes just exploring this. Boom, boom, boom, boom, boom, boom, boom. Now, here's something, right? So the problem is international students are having difficulties, sorry, gaining employment after graduation. So while the employers and the international students are kind of a key part of this, right, because the international students are who are getting employed and there's people employing Here's a question for all of you. Just vote employer or international student. If you say, hey, for the purpose of this example here, we're going to focus more on the employers or more on the international students, or just take a vote, right? And both will be involved. Both will be involved, of course. But who do we want to focus our solution to? So employers, any other takers, employers or students? Just type in employers or students, and we'll see which one has the most. Okay, going once, oh, sorry, all. I scratched my eye for two seconds and students win. Okay, okay, great. So we're focusing on the students. So now, and who else do we want to be? Okay, so now when we're looking at students, we want to start diving in a bit deeper. Okay, so for students, so that we can get more specific, how, what are they studying? How old are they? Are they undergrad, postgrad? I would say postgraduate. Postgrad, okay. Yeah. And how old is that? Around 23, 24, maybe 22, depending on the course. Or it could be actually 21 to 24, maybe. If you've only got a three-year course. Let's go, you know, because some postgrads have spent time in Korea, but, you know, the ones who've spent time in Korea aren't necessarily struggling to look for jobs as much as the ones who... So let's call it 20, 21, 20 to 25, okay. And so this, and how much, how wealthy are they? How wealthy are they? Pretty broad distribution of wealth, I'd say, in terms of international students. Yep, so say a bit more about that. You have some people who can just afford to be here and to actually do it, and you have some people who are very well supported to be here. There's a very big distribution. Yeah, so who do you want to focus on for this? Definitely the people with less of a chance. I think that's probably the more social good that can come out of it. Okay, everyone, does anyone disagree? Okay, now this is... Oh, yes? Cool. Now, by the way, okay, so just so I want to raise something which is powerful to get, right? Now, what you just did, Ryan, is perfectly fine, and we're going to go with it. Now, I just want to raise this as an idea because often... Well, sometimes, not often. Actually, often what happens is we default to, you know, what's going to make the biggest difference? And that is a good thing to be keeping in mind throughout the big picture. Now, there are groups, and it can be difficult, where if you pick a specific group, yes, you are going to make the biggest difference, but the work required to make that difference is large enough to be actually not workable. It just doesn't work, at least not with the resources that you have, or at least not at the size. So that's the only caveat because I think I agree. Where possible, if all else being equal, which it never is, we should make that difference to them, okay? So this is just something to keep in mind, and we'll see how it goes later. But here's the thing as well. This is a starting point as well. So if we say we're going to start with the wealthy ones or start with the mid-range ones, they've got things going, they can participate in things, they're not having to worry about working two or three jobs, most cash in hand, most unreliable. That said, you know, most cafes and restaurants are looking for as much work as they can, as much employees as they can get right now. That does give you the opportunity to build up so that you can reach out to those edges. So that's just something to consider, okay? But for now, let's work with the ones who are less advantaged. Does that make sense, Ryan and everyone? It's just something to keep in mind. Yeah, that's really sensible and very profound, so I appreciate it. Yeah, because at the end of the day, if you don't help anyone, then you're not helping anyone. Which is as profound as it is like, yeah, if I'm not, then I'm not. Cool. You can just call it lower available funds. Okay, so now, keeping in mind that we've got all of these different groups. By the way, we can't see the screen at the moment. Thank you. So given that we've got all of these different groups, I just want us to have a look at two or three random ideas to support students. And some of these ideas could and should involve employees as well, but we've also got this other group of people here. So what's one or two ideas on how we can create value here? No, don't worry about it being perfect. Just kind of go, hey, it would be cool if we could X. So let's just throw out some examples. Offer internships that are made specifically for international students. Okay, offer internships. Good. What else? Give them access to jobs that are available and maybe support in applications if they've got language barriers. Okay, great. Brian, Jerome, Oliver, Precious, Amar, what else? I agree with Jerome, it's pretty good. I know you agree, but what else? What else? Thank you. Good. Oliver? Um, well, yeah, well, I guess, instead of just an intern position, and I'm not a part-time position, because it depends. We're doing like a broad range of jobs, I assume. Well, let's have a look, like what kind of jobs do you want to talk about? And by the way, right, so notice that Oliver, you had an assumption we've got a broad range of jobs. My question, my response is, okay, are we or would it actually work to focus on? So, and almost always, focusing gives you the ability to take action just full stop. Whereas broadly, it's like, oh, we've got to balance all these things. No, like, yeah, you could do both of them, but like they don't have to be all in the one thing. Does that make sense? So pick one, pick one, Oliver. You've got the mic. What kind of roles are we focusing on? I mean, with international students, Don't think too much about it. Just what kind of jobs? Like a specific industry? Sure. I mean, hospitality right now. I know they need a lot of jobs, so that could be good. Okay. Yeah. And, you know, like right up front, there's that initial demand. Okay, there's an initial demand. So hospitality jobs. And, you know, it'd be nice as well if, you know, those hospitality jobs could also lead into some other kind of professional experience. So it's not just, I'm going to carry around coffees and meals and take orders. What if I could also get a sense into the backend as well? Okay. So why don't we just throw that in just for, just for, is everyone fine with that? Cool. I can see some nodding. Thanks. Because, you know, like the money, the money is good. But, well, the money is terrible, but like having money is good compared to not having money. But having that professional experience builds on something later. Okay. So just want to check. Precious, any random ideas for you? Hey, it would be cool if we could do this. Or Amar, anything for you before we move on? Yes, no, going once. Precious, you can shake your head. She did type a message in the chat. Oh, she did. Educate, oh, educate available opportunities. You did type in the chat. Thank you. I'm just going to steal this here. Okay, great. So look, if I were to pitch this straight away, just as an idea, right? Not like we've got anything. I would say something along the lines of, and as I do this, I want you to listen to, does this pitch structure make sense? And does it kind of create a picture of what's happening? Okay. And notice that we haven't actually worked out if anything, and if this is feasible, this is just idea stage. Okay. So look, a problem that we've identified is that international postgraduate students and, you know, broadly international students between the ages of 21 to 25 are struggling to get employment after they graduate. And, you know, this is a big challenge for themselves. They're in limbo a bit. They're wondering, hey, can I stay in Australia? Is that possible? I want to be here. I want to get professional work. Why can't I do this? Is it because I'm an international student? It seems like it is. It's just a challenging situation, you know, that also impacts their families. And all the while, like there are places like City of Joondalup, different job networks, employers out there who are struggling to get employees into their businesses. They've got things opening up slowly after COVID and lockdown and companies are wanting to go, how do we get these people? And how do we get the right people? And that's a challenge. And you see, if you look out there at all the cafes, there's plenty of cafes having help wanted signs everywhere that you look. And it's kind of like, where are all the people who used to do those jobs? Did they just disappear somewhere? So our idea is we're going to create a hospitality internship program which is going to combine hospitality work, so the basic hospitality work that anyone in hospitality would do. So food service, order taking, coffee, drink service, things like that. And that as a foundation so that these international students can develop those customer service skills, those communication skills and those general employability skills while making a bit of money as well. And we propose that we combine that with an internship service so that those students actually can be linked to professional roles. And for this one, we're starting really at the business with the administration kind of roles and we're going to look for more of these opportunities later so that they can actually go, okay, I can actually do some work in the administration side of this hospitality business. I can do some work in the operations side of this business. I can even do some work in the marketing and the promotions side of this business to develop some of those skills that can really contribute to my future career given that I've just started a postgraduate in business and accounting and marketing and so forth. Pause. So, I want to hear like how did that come across? And it's just an idea, we haven't tested it so I don't want to know about whether it's working or not because that's not the point here. But how did it flow? It sounds good. It sounds like maybe... It's like if you're basically developing a network of these employees and then maybe you can get in touch with other businesses and yeah, over time you could link them together and as you said, they could be learning these crucial skills of customer services and for instance, if English isn't their first language it's probably a good way to learn and you know, you're interacting with people all day long and that can help them to move eventually into their career you know, what they graduated in. Perfect. Maybe you could have a link between the businesses you know, you talk to them and you've also got the employees and you can link them together. Yeah, okay, great. Great, Oliver. What else? Jerome, Raul, Precious, Ryan? How did it sound? How did it flow? Yes, Jerome. I think it was a very simple idea and a simple idea is actually pretty good because it's easier to execute so I think that's a few criteria. And I think one thing great about the idea is that, I mean, it also takes in the demand for jobs in hospitality and you combine it with the need for students to find part-time jobs so I think that takes a lot of boxes in a sense and the fact that it's a simple idea it seems very attractive also. Yeah, okay, great, Jerome. Thanks. Precious, you're unmuted. Did you want to say something? I like that it sounds doable because sometimes we think out of the box too much and we lose track of actually doing something that we can implement. So I like the fact that it sounds doable and simple and understandable. Yeah, perfect. I have one thing, one thought. I think it would, it's a great, it sounds like a great opportunity. I think that it would also present a challenge in the sense where we are offering the students a chance to upskill themselves in hospitality but at the same time that can lead to a problem of having not experience in their current field. Totally. And applying for future jobs and the employee looks at the reference they'll only see hospitality experience. So maybe if we are talking about an internship and the paid aspect of it is within hospitality then the business could take the opportunity to get the student to volunteer in their field whether it's marketing or whatever it is that they can actually at the same time while getting paid also get experience in their field so that at the end of it they're not stuck with just that. Great, yeah, totally. 100% valid point. Yeah. Ryan, anything to add? Pretty much sums up. Cool. Now, first of all we just came up with an initial idea from start to finish. What all I contributed by the way is like I'm literally a public speaking and pitching coach. So putting it together is literally what I do and help people do. But you can start to get the sense of the you can start to wrap your head around it. Now, we're going to start to look at and by the way, as you were talking Oliver, I believe it was I started kind of talking because you started mentioning like create some network of employees also you could do similar things network of employers because they're all looking for different people and different things so that could just form part of the channels. Okay. So when we look at the distribution channels we want to start thinking about how will we reach out to these students? Where do they go? Who cares about them? Who already engages with them? Things like that. What's the marketing going to look like? Okay. Now, I've got some this thing is in your diagram it's in your workbook and look there's a fancy target here but I'm going to really simplify this. I would recommend just having a look for each of these different things and having a look at what is going to actually reach your target audience 21 to 25 year old students and also there's a separate target audience by the way, which is the employers in our example, hospitality employers. So just have a look at this screen and just type in the chat employers would be best reached by this or employee or the students would be best reached by this and just have a look and see which one's here just by looking at this screen from what you know about it I get that you haven't studied much into all of these necessarily some of you might have but just have a look what would be the most impact for those groups type that into the chat Okay, alumni emails email marketing, yep SEO is an obvious one, yep Students SEO, good Emails Social media campaigns, okay Okay, good Now something else that I might add Oh, employers, trade shows existing platforms, yep Private Facebook groups Private Facebook groups kind of I think it's up there but it also fits into the community building side of things where you know what if we could create a community for international students to get this kind of support and you know like the first part is what Precious kind of offered in what she typed which was education about opportunities so maybe like an ongoing community where people can share their questions share their answers share their experiences share all that sort of stuff crowd source crowd that sort of experience that value can be created there and you know if you were creating this initiative you could either support one of those groups or you could create one of these groups to actually make this happen because then you're getting everyone organically coming in just give me a thumbs up if that makes sense you can kind of see hey, like that might actually work as well that's just another idea so so let's put in here a couple of those things okay employees trade shows hospitality depending on the size small business networks now here's the thing right small cafes small bars things like that do they have time to go to trade shows maybe, maybe not so maybe there's a so it depends right depends on the size depends on the how much space they have if they're understaffed maybe less is okay so maybe maybe some like direct going up to them and going hey I see that you've got this ad here or maybe scraping their ads and sending something in via the ads so actually doing some direct marketing direct outreach and for the for the students we've got all of that there so you know we've got a place in terms of how we're going to do it okay now inside of all of this who else cares like what else from here can we reach to to get to either the students or the employers what are some other channels that come up from channel link yep city of June a lot would also be quite good I think yeah because they've got the lists of all the different organizations they've got the people who are registered within the city yeah they've already got an established reach yeah okay great Ryan anything else you're unmuted I'm unmuted oh goodness sorry yeah no that's that's pretty good I'm thinking about maybe the recruitment agencies could possibly be involved too maybe their names their names come under the same kinds of lists possibly yep okay great great perfect so you can so first of all I just want to check in can everyone start to kind of get you know this is what it can start to look like with the channels and coming back to the initial customers you can now with this bouncing back and forth and going you know these people that we talked about city of June a lot they might not be the end user customer but they might be a key partner or they might be part of the outreach channel itself like the question you get to ask yourself is you know who already cares about this group or who already cares about where this group is going to go okay now as we start to have a look at the different things right so costs and revenue so what's it going to cost fixed cost variable cost like what's it going to cost to have this all in place now something like this let's just brainstorm in the chat what are some of the costs that would be associated with connecting students with hospitality jobs just type in the chat what are some of the costs that are going to be involved okay advertising advertising paying people to review salary applications yep salaries for employees how many employees do you think would be needed for this at an initial sort of stage I think two two would be plenty yeah two would be plenty okay two would be heaps in fact web platform development Jerome when you talk about web platform development what do you what are you describing I mean things like if we have a for example I think someone mentioned about a community for international students so if you're going to have something like a Facebook page or some website you know which you are able to sort of like connect people together I think you'll need some a bit of money to actually maintain the website and to organize the information within yeah yeah okay and roughly how much do you think that might be it really depends on the complexity of the website show a number show a number let's say maybe ten thousand yeah okay cool now my my challenge for that would be what could you do with two hundred bucks like as a starting point now to do with a website yeah you could do a lot you can build a website for free on Wix that's right yeah you could do a website for free on Wix you can create the Facebook group for free you could do all of that sort of stuff and then and then you've got Fiverr to do marketing logos probably for twenty bucks get four products true yeah yeah yeah so so you know if you start to have you know by the way who's a group of people that has a bunch of these random skills that you could employ get to do some of these jobs the students themselves that's right yeah okay so now we're starting to kind of create something that takes place like a like takes place a bit like a like a bit of a a movement that you're creating you're like hey postgraduate students we get the struggle that it takes to really this might be some kind of what might turn into a viral campaign I've got a problem with well it's difficult to create campaigns with the view of going viral because now you're kind of like flapping in the wind and if the wind shifts even just a little bit you kind of the flag that flies really strongly with the wind is now just kind of like flying like like a bedraggled sort of possum hanging on to the pole right and so you might then create say okay you know hey we get this challenge we're looking to create this community where people can come together they can get resources and we're connecting these things together and there's a bunch of creative admin skills that we want to do and we don't want to go anywhere else to get it because we know the skills are here who wants to get put their hand up do some paid work to create this and be a part of making this solution available okay so now you're actually kind of and by the way is you know what we call like experience I was going to say that actually it's part of their experience just making this so if that's what they've learnt so yeah yeah that's right that's right and by the way like you could probably get some funding from like different businesses to make this happen as well and pay for that initial setup if you can guarantee a set of of people coming through okay so now that's our our revenue our costs right so the costs are there right so $200 website what would that look like something basic but flashy you spend the money spend another 500 bucks or so on the design you spend another 500 bucks or so on on whatever maybe you pay someone 50 bucks an hour sorry maybe too much pay someone 30 bucks an hour 25 bucks an hour so whatever the whatever the standard sort of hourly wage is for like 3 to 5 hours for 1 to 2 hours a day and their job for that 1 to 2 hours is to reach out to people connect with people build people like bring people to the community group do you know what I mean? their metric because there are jobs out there now called community managers and online community managers okay so now as we start to go through going through the slide I'm also keeping an eye on the time there's other things like yeah you might have employees eventually but for the start you might not hey who else might you get to review those resumes? who else is out there? so we're getting that this is quite lean and here's what I'm where I'm going with lean I'm not sharing my screen at the moment here's where I'm going with quite lean is that you want to have the if I had lots of money solution and then also hold in your head at the same time what's the I've got very little money or I've got 100 to 300 bucks version because that 100 to 300 bucks version is going to be miles ahead of the zero dollars version but it's also going to be something which is way less complex than the 5,000 dollars version okay and now we're kind of diving into the actual operational business side of it like if you were to start this up if you had to go and hustle for that 50,000 dollars which you're limited by yourselves do you get that you would automatically kind of limit this at the moment it kind of feels like hey what if we just gave you 50,000 dollars but this putting this into your plans is going to be powerful because then you can start going okay you know what as we place these people in these positions what's the revenue model so let's say what are some of the ways that we can get I will share my screen now what are some of the ways that you could have revenue coming in from this like what could the employees be paying you what could the students at a very limited level be paying you like for the students who are looking for jobs you kind of not want to you don't want to hit them up for too much cash I mean depends on how much traffic you're getting but you could just have like advertisements on the website okay ads on the website great to no extra cost to the consumer sure and you know how many views how many views you need to have that make some money quite a bit yeah quite a bit thousands like a dollar yeah that's right that's right so you want to if you're talking about advertising Oliver not a problem but you got to get clear on the maths right because that's why I said it depends on how big your reach is I mean but it would help a little bit yeah Amar says subscription model for students from different universities okay so maybe that's five dollars a month for three months for access to the Facebook group yeah for access to the placements or whatever and you know if you don't get your if you don't get placed in at least one job if you don't get at least one offer yeah have your 15 bucks back but that lets you kind of build that momentum and lets everyone kind of actually buy into it a little bit as well so there's you know there might be a key sales like a key selling point for the employers hey you know the students have been charging we're not charging them much but they have indicated that they are keen to do this now who else could you hit up for that money I was thinking of government grants government grants also universities potentially as well they might they might not call it a per student thing they might say hey like we're keen to be a part of this initiative keen to be a part of this initiative yeah so subscription model great you might have a recruitment fee from the cafes how much money is it costing you to not have this position filled per day like how many orders are you not taking how many how much more effort are you putting how much more effort are you putting in how much more stress do you have and how much does it actually cost okay well do you want to pay us 100 bucks for every time we place a person with you and they stay for more than two weeks and wouldn't that two weeks actually add that value yeah and you know what we're going to manage their internship program you know the part of it where they do the professional work the marketing work the admin work so maybe there's an ongoing subscription for the employer for that as well so they pay a part of it that doesn't put them out of business but it lets them be part of this thing in a way that is win win for them okay now we've got three minutes left actually type in yes in the chat if that 50 minutes just flew by like ridiculously fast because it really did well you've got this I love it you've got the surprise look on your face every time I mention that yeah that was 50 minutes you're like what oh yeah that went quick yeah I've mentioned a few times I literally get paid to facilitate workshops and teach public speaking so I mean I'm not too it's sometimes surprising but like it's not dramatic surprise okay I have a question Aaron will I be able to adopt some of the ideas mentioned here of course I think you guys really contributed a lot thank you for that yeah and look for everybody actually I want to check so Precious, Raoul, Ryan, Oliver what can you see that you can take from this to bring into your ideas definitely the mindset of thinking about how to connect different stakeholders and what they actually value that's what I'm learning really quickly yeah and yeah Oliver go I think that plan was really useful like using the mural yeah the layout was really good and I think we're going to use that for our training I think that looks really good another thing was yeah just thinking about like what can we do with the what can we do if we scale it back to a very limited budget and you can actually do a lot with that simple and look right like that came from a guess Jerome was like 10,000 bucks maybe now here's the thing like how that conversation happened is you actually said a number Jerome you did and I had to yank it out of you because you were like oh it depends oh this oh that of course it depends it always depends but here's the thing which gave us access to that Jerome is you said you can actually interact with it some people can go yes some people can go no you can actually research it you can do all sorts of stuff but while it's in the undeclared state it's got no power to it Jerome you get that yeah because then once we did that you had a whole bunch of things now if you start to put that level of specificity in your numbers the way you firstly get it doesn't have what did you get from this that you can apply to yours what I learned is sometimes we have to go out to the employers to actually get what we want and they have to give us something in return yeah great and Amar thank you for typing in the chat appreciate it how to connect different aspects of business perfect Amar thanks for typing that into the chat because you know here's what I'll say to I believe Oliver's point about the business model canvas this is a structure it is a tool now the key thing that I want to offer you about this tool I said to my group yesterday is
